Fetching top posts from /r/comedy...
1. Title: So Years Ago, I Read This Viral Article
   Joke: 
2. Title: RWM Comics #4
   Joke: 
3. Title: Ice Poseidon gets PEPPER SPRAYED?!
   Joke: 
------
Fetching top posts from /r/Jokes...
1. Title: A woman buys a wardrobe for her bedroom
   Joke: After it is installed all is well until the train passes on the nearby track and the wardrobe falls down.

She calls a technician to check it out, he proceeds to secure it with some supports but when the train passes it again falls down.

Surprised but determined, the technician again installs more supports and enters the wardrobe to feel what's causing it to fall.

At that time the jealous husband enters the home early and starts searching the house for signs of another man.

He opens the wardrobe, sees the technician and asks "what are you doing here?"

The technician replies: "would you believe me if I told you I'm waiting for the train?"
2. Title: Husband and wife
   Joke: Her: Have you ever seen Twenty Dollars all crumpled up?

Him: "No" said her husband.

She gave him a sexy little smile, unbuttoned the top three buttons of her blouse and slowly reached down in her cleavage created by a soft, silky push-up bra and pulled out a crumpled Twenty Dollar Bill.
He took the crumpled Twenty Dollar bill from her and smiled approvingly.

She then asked "Have you ever seen Fifty Dollars all crumpled up?"

"No I haven't" he said with an anxious tone in his voice.

She gave him another sexy little smile pulled up her skirt, seductively reached into her tight, sheer panties and pulled out a crumpled Fifty Dollar bill.

He took the crumpled Fifty Dollar bill and started breathing a little quicker with anticipation.

"Now" she said "Have you ever seen 50,000 Dollars all crumpled up?"

"No way" he said, becoming even more aroused and excited to which she replied:

"Go look in the garage."
3. Title: Three engineers were riding in a car, went down a hill, and crashed.
   Joke: The mechanical engineer said, "It must be the brakes. Let me check 'em out." The electrical engineer said, "I think it was something in the electrical system. Let me check it out." The software engineer said, "Let's push it back up the hill and run it again."
4. Title: If you wanted to buy a car in Russia, you needed to order it 10 years in advance and pay for it.
   Joke: In Russia, if you wanted to buy a car you needed to order it 10 years in advance and pay for it.  So a fellow goes to order a car, brings his cash, stands in line.  
The clerk says, “Very good comrade, you will receive your car on this day, 10 years from now”.   
The man asks “In the morning or afternoon?”  
The clerk responds irritably “Ten years from today, what difference does it make morning or afternoon?!”  
“Well”, the man says, “the plumber is coming in the morning.”  
\-stolen from R. Reagan
5. Title: Ear to the ground
   Joke: The older cowboy turns to the younger one and says, "You see that? Just by putting his ear to the ground, he can hear what's coming from miles off."

The Indian lifts his head and says, "A full wagon, drawn by a single horse, two passengers and a dog."

The Indian puts his head back down and continues, "Heading east, about 3 miles away."

The young cowboy exclaims, "That's amazing!"

The Indian replies, "Yep. They ran me over a half hour ago."
6. Title: Three engineers are arguing what type of engineer God is
   Joke: The first says, "God is a mechanical engineer. Look at how we manipulate our arms, legs, lungs, and how blood flows through our bodies. God is a mechanical engineer."

The second says, "No. God is an electrical engineer. Our nervous system, heart, brain. Everything is run by electrical impulses. God is an electrical engineer."

The third says, "Your both wrong. God is a civil engineer. Who else would route the sewage system through the recreation area?"
7. Title: What’s the difference between a dollar and a pound?
   Joke: I don’t dollar your mom.
8. Title: A beautiful lady of the evening owns a penthouse on Lake Shore Drive. She’s entertaining a young man who is deciding what he’d like.
   Joke: 
“So, how much would a reach-around set me back?”

The woman replies without hesitation, “Five-hundred dollars.”

The man is taken aback! “$500!”

The woman replies, “See this apartment? Handies paid for it!”

Convinced, the couple repair to the bedroom. A little later, they are eating oysters when the man says, “That was amazing! How much would a hummer set me back?” 

“A thousand dollars.” 

“Are you serious?”

The woman hops up and says, “Come here,” as she walks up to the floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the city. 

She points to a red Ferrari parked in front of her building. “Hummers paid for my wheels!”

The man couldn’t refuse.

Forty-five minutes later they couple were lying on a bear-skin rug admiring the fire she had started with the push of a button.

The man says, “I almost hate to ask, but how much would straight-forward sex set me back?”

“Five K.”

“Are you serious?” 

Before he can say anything else, she’s up and walking to the window.

“See that yacht? The largest one in the harbor? The one with the helipad?”

“Lemme guess. Fucking paid for it?”

She sighs heavily and says, “Nope, but it would if I had a vagina.”
9. Title: You guys ever have this happen to you?
   Joke: You guys ever have this happen to you?

I was out at the bar the other night. They had a good band laying down all sorts of songs.

When they played the Twist, I did the twist.

When they played Jump, I jumped.

But when they played Come On, Eileen, I got kicked outta the place!
10. Title: My friend said that sex is better than drugs because with sex there isn't a comedown.
   Joke: "Yes there is," I replied. "We call them 'children'."
------
Fetching top posts from /r/StandUpComedy...
1. Title: “So WHAT do you do, Linus?”
   Joke: 
2. Title: Heckler Triggered Over Suicide Joke
   Joke: 
3. Title: The craziest laugh I’ve ever heard
   Joke: 
4. Title: Astrology GF
   Joke: She’s actually my ex now but still a good joke. From Bill Squire: Pure BS on YouTube for free. 
5. Title: Student writing reads like Christopher Walken
   Joke: 
6. Title: Americans Making Up Spanish
   Joke: 
7. Title: Monster Truck Show
   Joke: 
8. Title: My Son has the coolest name
   Joke: 
9. Title: So this means I get the job right?
   Joke: 
10. Title: Jared, the Sandwich Loving Pedophile
   Joke: 
------
Fetching top posts from /r/Standup...
1. Title: Matt Rife was underwhelming
   Joke: I was really hoping to laugh harder but all the girls screaming at the venue kept him from giving his 100% and he was mad about it. He would call out the crowd several times to get everyone to quiet down…
2. Title: Why are there not more Open Mics where you can do blue material?
   Joke: The few I have been to, all have lots of rules as far as words and innuendos you can use.

These are not family clubs, but they say that a lot of OM'ers have family there so tone it down.
3. Title: What’s this sub’s opinion on Kevin James as a standup?
   Joke: I saw him recently, and while I have a lot of respect for anyone who can craft an hour, and I felt like his standup was good for somebody who works clean, but overall just a little lacking.  A lot of people there were laughing their asses off and I felt like I was missing something.
4. Title: Where comics get their ideas for material
   Joke: 
5. Title: Stand-up Comedians: How Do You Boost Your Instagram Reach?
   Joke: Hey there! 

I am attempting to grow my Instagram following, focusing on stand-up comedy content. Many suggestions online are largely about selling services, not really focusing on comedy content. I am open to insights from fellow comedians here, how do you do it? 
6. Title: Does Matt Rife have plants in the audience for crowd work?
   Joke: I used to feel like his crowd work was planned. Then I saw Erik Griffen supporting him on social media, made me think maybe hes just that good? Then I saw some video of him just now where some girl just happens to be wearing a tiara and he takes it and uses it to do an extremely smooth bit, came off as staged to me. Maybe Im just hatin'. Maybe he thought of these jokes before hand because so many women go seem him during their bachelorette parties? Thoughts?
7. Title: How to approach a mic with no real audience?
   Joke: I have done about 30 ish gigs. The best gigs I have had are (unsurprisingly) those where there has been a big audience. Earlier this week, I was (I think accidentally) booked on a paid show, and was shitting myself, but when the MC brought me up I just committed to the role, acted confident, brought the energy, delivered my lines with sincerity, and managed to get a lot of big laughs. It felt natural and listening back to the audio, it sounded natural. My problem is, when I am in a room with just like 10 open micers and no real audience, I struggle to sound authentic or get past the fact I am just reciting lines. I guess in my mind I feel like "they all know this is recitation, if I try to make it sound genuine, I am just going to sound fake and it will be embarrassing". Just wondered what thought processes others have used to get past this?
8. Title: Give me your best “aging musician” jokes and cliches
   Joke: Doesn’t have to be aimed at any specific band member (guitarist, singer, bassist, drummer, pianist, synth, etc). Looking for generalizations rather than Axl Rose and Keith Richards jokes, but those are welcome too! Just want to have a good laugh reading the comments!

I’m making a show flyer for a Halloween comedy/music show, in the style of a “Spirit Halloween Aging Musician Costume” meme and I’m not even remotely funny, lol! Some of the ones I came up with are:


Hands permanently cramped in “kung fu grip” playing position

Falls asleep halfway through setlist

Looks age 50 when 30, still looks 50 when 75

Only listens to Rush and Grateful Dead

Needs painkillers to stand up straight

Remembers every song they wrote 30 years ago, hasn’t written anything new in 29 years


I am not funny, at least not “that” funny! Please help me come up with some new ones and/or make these ones funnier!
9. Title: i'm trying to build rapport, ok?
   Joke: 
------
