All right, thank you! Thank you very much. Thank you, thank you, thank you. How are ya? How’s it goin’? All right. You guys standin’ up, sit down. Sit down. See if I’m funny. I’ve been inside for a year and a half just like you. All right. It’s nice to be out here in Denver, man.
[cheering]
[chuckles] It’s legal on a state level, but not on a federal level, man. Everybody out here dressing like they’re fuckin’ goin’ hiking. [chuckles] Your North Face pajamas and all this shit you guys have. You guys all live inside. So, how have you guys been doin’, man? How has your pandemic been? You enjoyed it? You been staying inside? Are you being safe?
[man] No!
I am so fed up with people… “I ain’t bein’ safe! I don’t fuckin’ believe in it!” “It’s all a bunch of lies!” We’re just totally divided. The people that are like, “You gotta get vaccinated.” “You have to wrap yourself in an afghan, and you gotta cover your face and hold your breath when you look at pictures of people.” And you got the other side, “I don’t give a shit!” “I’m gonna have my balls out, walkin’ down the street, ’cause that’s what Jesus said in John 13.” “I read it in my bible study class. I don’t give a fuck.” “And if I get it, I’m goin’ to the hospital and be like, ‘All right, fix me, you were right.'”
Everybody, all hypocritical. All the liberals, “You gotta wear the mask, gotta wear the mask.” Then half of them when they talk, they’re pullin’ it down. They got it up under their fuckin’ nose.
Then the other assholes, they were all patriotic for years. “America, love it or leave it!” “Support the troops!” “You don’t like it, get the fuck out.” “America, love it or leave it.” All right, take the vaccine. “Well, I don’t trust the government.” Where the fuck did that come from? I thought you were all about it. I thought you were waving the flag and all of that shit.
Listen, here’s the deal. We’re never gonna solve this shit until we all get on the same page, which we know is never gonna happen, it’s never gonna happen. So, we gotta set up some Hunger Games shit to solve it. And whoever wins, wins. It’s the non-vaxxers versus the vaxxers. So there’s a giant field, and all the people who don’t want to get the vaccine, all the fatties and the fuckin’ lunatics, right? You gotta fuckin’ run the length of the field and try to make it to the other side while there’s a helicopter flying over you and they’re shooting the vaccine down at you. All right? And I know what you’re thinkin’, “Well, that ain’t fair, man.” “I’m runnin’ in my shit-kickers, you’re up there in a helicopter and you got a gun.” Well, here’s how we… It’s a liberal with a gun, right? They’re not good at that. Say, “Oh, my God, is it alive? Is it gonna hit me?” “I don’t feel safe!” And by then, you’re already halfway there. One of the straps of your overalls is off. If you make it to the other side, in the end, just like dodgeball, we’ll just score it. “Who won?”
It’s an idea, I don’t know. I just… I don’t know what else to do. I’ve kind of quit. I’m like… I’ve got to be honest with you. For the first like, you know, year of this shit, I was an American, you know, and I was rootin’ for everybody, and then, I don’t know. They let us outside for a couple of weeks and then they sent us back in, and I just didn’t have it in me anymore. It’s like, “I don’t care. I just don’t give a shit.” “You know, I hope a lot more people die, I really do.”
But the one good thing about this whole pandemic shit, and I really hope by the time this fuckin’ thing comes out that this will be considered old, I don’t know, God willing, but the one great thing about this pandemic shit is it kind of slowed down a little bit of that cancel culture. You know what I mean? Yeah. It’s kind of hard to take your dick out at work when you’re at home. You know? Some people still manage to do it. They’re on a Zoom call, no pants on. All of the sudden, standing up, their chunk right in the screen. Still figured out a way to get fired. It was unreal. It’s kind of good, though, that those creeps got to take a break, ’cause I felt like cancel culture, they were kind of running out of people to cancel. You know? As much as they wanted to make it seem, there really was a finite amount of people that took their dick out at work. Despite the stats, right? “Every 1.6 seconds, somebody takes their dick out and shakes it in a woman’s face in a cubicle.” You’re like, “What? Every 1.6 seconds?” I must not have been paying attention. “Every 3.2 seconds, some man jizzes on a fern and rubs it in a woman’s face.” Holy shit! I didn’t know that. Right? Yeah. So fortunately they rounded up all of these fuckin’ animals… and they got rid of them, right? But it kind of became like this cottage industry and it was a way to kind of get rid of some men that maybe were in your way, you know? It’s like anything. You know, the initial thing, you agree with it, and then it kind of gets out of control. So, I don’t know. But it kind of ran out of people and there was this hilarious moment, like last year where they started to try and cancel dead people. Remember that? All of the sudden, out of nowhere, John Wayne was trending. Have they got some found footage, a new movie coming out that maybe they shelved? Then all of the sudden it was all these stupid-ass “woke” white people, right? “Oh, my God, did you see what John Wayne said in Playboy in 1971?” Can you… this is a bunch of fuckin’ white people all up in arms about a dead white guy. “I can no longer tolerate this.” “I can no longer tolerate dead-for-45-years John Wayne saying things in a magazine that doesn’t exist anymore.” “I am here for Black people.”
These fuckin’ idiots. What kind of a fuckin’ idiot white person refers to themselves as “woke”? You know? If you actually were socially conscious, you’d realize that white people stole that word from Black people. Once again doin’ the Elvis thing. Right? But you know what, I blame Black people for that. One of them fucked up. They were at a party, there was white people there, and they let it slip out. “Stay woke” or however the fuck you say it. And some white person heard it, like, “Ah, what was that?” “Oh, my God.” “‘Stay woke’? I wanna say that.” “I gotta say that around my white friends so they know that I’m down.” “Oh, my God, I’m gonna fuckin’ say that.” “I’m fuckin’ woke. I’m fuckin’ woke.” “I’m a woke stickler.” “I’ve fuckin’ had it, I’ve had it.” “I support Black people in my white apartment on Twitter.” “That’s what I do. I’m fuckin’ here for you.”
Every white person likes to lie to themselves that if they were alive 150 years ago, that they would have been working on the underground railroad, trying to help slaves escape, right? “I would be one of the good white people, yes.” “I would have taken time out of my day, risked my life.” And the reality is, is you’d be doing back then exactly what you’re doing today… nothin’. Not a fuckin’ thing. Maybe a little #BlackLivesMatter. “Oh, my God, my heart breaks on my L-shaped couch.” My favorite thing about the Black Lives Matter marches was the store windows that would have the plywood over the windows, and then it would say, “Black lives matter” on top of the plywood. I just loved the duality of that message, you know? It’s like, “Black lives matter, we’re all the same, we’re all one.” “Don’t burn down my store, you fuckin’ animals!” “Everybody is welcome in this store.” “Anyone can come in.” “One at a time, follow him!” “It’s just a safe space for everyone.” Yeah. John Wayne was born in 1907. That’s what the fuck he’s gonna sound like. Then you got all these douchebags going like, “That’s not an excuse.” It’s like, “Yes, it is.” It absolutely is. You are of your time. Look at these young kids. Remember, for a year and a half, they’d take a water bottle. They’re all standing around and one kid would flip it, and if it landed upright, they’d go… [screaming] “Oh, shit!” And they’d just lose their fuckin’ minds. I didn’t understand it. But I’m born in 1968, so I’m just like, “All right, well, no one tried to slap it out of the way.” “You do it enough times, it’s gonna fuckin’ land upright.” “What is happening here?” Right? I don’t wanna ruin their good time. They’re excited, they’re gonna get on their scooters and ride off. Like a little posse or some shit. I’m like, all right, you can do that. Yeah. So that was like a thing for like half a second.
Sean Connery died. The great Sean Connery. Yeah, my favorite James Bond of all time. Yeah. And he was getting a proper send-off for about eight minutes on Twitter, and then the first hairy-leg white chick shows up, right? And she’s just gotta be like, “Really? Really?” “Are we really gonna celebrate this man who advocated the hitting of women?” It’s like, first of all, he didn’t advocate hitting women, okay? [as Connery] He just, “Every once in a while, you give ’em a little slap.” “Yeah, give ’em a little back of the hand, ya remind ’em who’s making the bucks off this shit.” “Reset their hard drive.” That’s all he said, okay? Yes, it’s a crazy statement in 2021. 1976, you know, it’s not good, but it’s not crazy. Right? And he’s born in 1930. You gotta put this shit in historical perspective. I love old movies. You ever watch movies from the ’30s, ’40s, and ’50s? Yeah. Any time a woman even has heightened emotion, there’s some guy like, “Get ahold of yourself!” “Yeah, go make me a pie. Put it on the windowsill.” Right? That’s what he grew up watchin’. I grew up in the ’70s. I thought being a truck driver was a cool thing. You know, you had a monkey for a friend. Going around, chicks are showin’ their titties. I thought that that was the world. I had no idea, that’s what I was watching. My thing is, okay, so if you’re gonna cancel all of these fuckin’ dead guys and shit all over them after they’re dead and they can’t defend themselves, why are you only going after men? You know, what about all the horrible women in history? You can’t just go after the men, that would be sexist, and this is what they don’t want. You know? I mean, what about Coco Chanel? Great example. Coco Chanel. Widely considered a feminist icon. She started her own purse factory, right, in the 19-teens or ’20s, whatever the hell she did. I can’t imagine the sexism that she had to deal with, you know. An amazing accomplishment, hats off to her, right? However, she was also a Nazi sympathizer. Yeah. That’s like half her fucking Wikipedia page, just sitting there, waiting for someone to read it. Right out in the open, nothin’. So evidently, what happened was, in World War II, old Adolf came rolling into town, okay, with his tanks with the Porsche engines in ’em, took over the town in like 90 minutes. She freaked out. She closes up her shop, right? Figured out where all the head Nazis were staying, what hotel. She moved in there and she started a relationship with one of the Nazis. Yeah. She started fucking a Nazi. You ever see those Holocaust videos? Huh? With those piles of kids’ shoes? Yeah. She was sucking the dick that did that. Now, just to refresh my memory, what did Sean Connery do again? “Oh, you know, every once in a while, you give ’em a little slap.” That’s what he did. She’s sittin’ there like, “Hey, Adolf, what’s goin’ on?” She so sold out her own country, she had to flee it at the end of the war, and I have no idea how many dicks she had to suck to get back in it. But despite all of that, I still don’t judge her. I don’t, ’cause I’ve never been in that situation. You know, I’ve never been in a country where all of the sudden, the most powerful army the world has ever seen comes in and takes it over in a couple of hours. She must have been terrified, right? And she’s a woman. You know? She’s into fashion. They show up with those Hugo Boss uniforms. You know, her knees buckle a little bit. Things start getting ugly, people are getting shot in the street. She’s freakin’ out. You know. And she’s a woman, and women know push comes to shove when you get your back against the wall. No matter how bad it gets, they always have the option of fucking their way out of a situation. They always got that card they can play. Right? All women know this. Women, all women know this. Men don’t realize this till they go to prison. But women learn this early on. She had the option and she took it. I can’t get mad at her for that, you know? So she’s dead and gone. I think she’s up there in heaven. I think she made it. She’s up there with Sean Connery. Every once in a while, they have a disagreement, he gives her a little slap, you know? She doesn’t care. Once you shit on a Nazi’s chest, a little backhand’s not gonna freak you out. Jesus can’t say anything, he got a hooker, right? Everybody’s got a little something they did. Well, there you go, boom. Still buy your Coco Chanel. She’s still a hero. She was a victim, she was a victim of that time. She was frightened, she was scared. She didn’t know what to do. Uh… anyway. So, we’re living in a fucking weird time. Obviously, beyond all the bullshit that’s going on now, like, every time I think feminism has kind of like died off, you know, you know, like a band you can’t stand and they haven’t put out an album in a few years, you’re like, “Oh, good, did they quit, did they break up?” All of the sudden, they come out with more shit. You’re like, “Fuck, what is it now?” I’m just fucking with you. Feminism doesn’t bug me, you know? It doesn’t bother me. I’m not afraid of it or anything like that, you know, for the simple fact that I know it’s gonna fail, you know? And I take comfort in that, I do. I’m not rooting for it because… I know it doesn’t like me. Um… Yeah, do you know why I think it’s not going to survive, why it’s not going to be successful anyway? ‘Cause they still need men’s help to make it happen. I don’t understand it. I don’t understand why women just can’t work with each other and make this shit happen. They keep coming to us, like, “More men need to care about this issue.” “Where are the men to stand up and say something… yak-yak-yak.” Why do I have to fuckin’ say something? This is your fuckin’ problem. Why are you always dragging us into this shit?
I saw a woman a couple months back, professional soccer player, right? She goes onto ESPN on one of these sports channels and she starts bitching, going like, “I don’t understand, how come female athletes don’t make as much as male professional athletes?” Right? And all of these men had to sit there and act like they didn’t know what the answer was. They had to sit there, like, dumbfounded. Like, “Oh, I don’t know.” “Why is that?” “That is a conundrum. I have no idea.” Literally, I’m sitting at home screaming at the TV, “‘Cause you don’t sell any fuckin’ tickets!” Nobody is going to women’s soccer games. You’re playing in a 20,000-seat arena, 1,500 people show up. That’s not a good night. The promoter lost his fucking ass on that gig. I’m not saying no professional female athletes… Serena Williams, the women in the UFC, you know? But nobody’s watching your fuckin’ sport. And then you’re gonna come and you’re gonna get mad at fuckin’ men. They keep doing that shit. Why are you yelling at us? It’s not our fucking job. It’s not my fuckin’ job to give a fuck about women’s soccer, okay? I have men’s sport to pay attention to. This is… it’s your bullshit, right?
Dude, look at the WNBA. Dude, nobody in the WNBA got COVID. Nobody. They have been playing in front of 300 to 400 people a night for a quarter of a century. Not to mention it’s a male-subsidized league. We gave ya a fuckin’ league. None of ya showed up. Where are all the feminists? That place should be packed with feminists. Faces painted, wearing jerseys, flashin’ their titties. Goin’ fuckin’ nuts, like the guys do in the upper deck with their big beer titties. “Am I on the jumbotron? Am I doing it?” Yeah. You didn’t. None of you, none of you went to the fuckin’ games. None of you. You all, you failed them, not me. Not men. Women failed the WNBA. Ladies, ladies, name your top five all-time WNBA players of all time. Come on. Let’s hear it. Name five WNBA teams. Name the WNBA team in your fuckin’ city. You can’t do it! You don’t give a fuck about them. They play night in and night out in front of nobody. It’s a fuckin’ tragedy, right?
And then meanwhile, you look at the Kardashians, they’re making billions. You look at those Real Housewives shows, they’re making money hand over fist ’cause that’s what women are watchin’. The money listens. You don’t wanna watch this shit, you’re watching this shit. They just shoot it over there, drowning these whores in money and purses and shoes and Botox. It’s just raining. It’s raining money. Yeah. So, the money listens. You’d rather watch that shit, Real Housewives, a bunch of women just tearing each other down. “Well, maybe that’s why your husband left you.” “Maybe that’s why your husband left. That’s why you can’t have kids, bitch!” “That’s why your ass is as flat as your titties, bitch.” Right? That’s the message you sent. “We would rather watch that than see a bunch of women come together as a team and try to achieve a common goal.” “We would rather watch them actually fucking destroy each other.”
Yeah. No, no, no. And then in the end, you come back and you fuckin’ yell at guys. And it’s like, let me get this straight, I have to buy you a drink, stop the axe murderer from coming through the fuckin’ window, and I have to watch WNBA games for you? Like, when are you gonna pick up your end of the couch?
Yeah. I don’t have any sympathy for women when it comes to shit like that because every study they’ve ever done to determine who’s smarter, men or women, every study comes back and says women are smarter. Every fuckin’ one.
Ladies, you shouldn’t be applauding that. You know I’m an asshole. You know this isn’t gonna end well. “Did he say I’m pretty?” “Oh, my God.” Get out of the relationship. If every study says that you’re smarter, okay, the question you should be asking yourself, if we’re so goddamn smart, how are we in the situation we’re in? Well? You’re in the situation you’re in not because of guys like me. As much as you want to blame me, you know? Ladies, you never drove by a sports bar on a football Sunday and looked at the humanity in there? All those dumb guys with their big beer bellies bumpin’ shit. “Hey, he’s on my fantasy team!” “Up top, yeah!” “You wanna get some more mozzarella sticks?”
As a woman with your bigger brain, you never looked in there and thought to yourself, “I’m fuckin’ losin’ to that?” “I’m losin’ to that?” Yeah, there’s nothing stopping you. Other than the fact that you guys are just into destroying each other. Oh, now it’s gonna get quiet? I see all that sneaky shit you do. Ladies, if you could just support the WNBA the way you support a fat chick that’s proud of her body and is no longer a threat to you, you know? That league would be doing better numbers than the NBA. Oh, my God, that’s one of the saddest things I’ve ever seen. “Oh, my God, you’re a goddess, you’re gorgeous.” “You look great in that bikini.” “I would kill myself if I looked like that.” “Keep eating, keep eating.” “Lose a toe, you fat bitch.”
It’s just… You saw an alcoholic, would you be like, “Oh, my God, look at you.” “You’re facedown, passed out, your kids are crying.” “You’re a hero, you’re a god.” “Keep doing what you’re doing.” You’d be like, “Dude, get your fuckin’ shit together.” “Get off the sauce.”
I will say that’s one of the most genius things I’ve ever seen, how regular-looking women somehow mind-fucked advertising to get beautiful women off of billboards. Yeah. Just regular fuckin’ who-gives-a-shit-lookin’ women, right? I’m just being honest. Come on, we’re outside, we’re in the woods, we can be honest. Just regular who-gives-a-fuck… can’t-remember-her-name-looking women. Right? Lookin’ at these goddesses and they had to fuckin’ be… “How am I supposed to compete with that?” You can’t! How fucking arrogant are you? I don’t see Brad Pitt when he takes his shirt off in a movie and, “Oh, great, how am I supposed to compete with that?” I can’t. I am an ugly, bald, orange man. I need to write jokes. I gotta put a lampshade on my head. I know what my role is, okay? I should be on the ground gazing up at people better-looking than me. I don’t know, ladies, this is supposed to be like an inspirational talk. I don’t know if it’s coming through this way. I’m trying to say, if you really like… If you get through all the misdirected anger of my childhood… I’m trying to say, you’re smarter than we are and there’s more of you. I don’t know. I don’t know what to tell you. I’m trying to be… I don’t know. Trying to be a better person during all of this shit, you know? I am. You know, I got this new thing, man. I try to help out homeless people. You know? Sometimes I help them out, sometimes I don’t. You know, it’s like the mood you’re in, how much they freak you out. You know? So, this is what I do. You got to do something because people at the top don’t seem to be doing anything. I try to bring all my old clothes down to the tent cities to give it to them. It’s a good thing to do, but I gotta tell you something, you gotta do it during the day. All right? You want to do it during the day when they’re tired from Thunderdome the night before, they’re coming down from whatever they’re on, realizing there’s a nail in their shoulder. You want to get them when they’re tired. You don’t go at night. No one’s gonna see you again, you’re gonna end up on a fuckin’ spit. I mean, you’re under an overpass, you never know what can happen, okay? I’m just warning you ’cause they don’t make homeless people the way they made them when I was a kid, you know? When I was a kid, a homeless guy was a bum, he was a vagrant, somebody down on his luck or whatever. You know, a wino. They didn’t have this Shutter Island shit going on that they had out there, like people talking to trees. [shouting gibberish] You’re right here having, like, eggs Benedict. He’s, like, looking through a porthole over your cabbage. Yeah. When I was a kid, you could only be crazy outside for about 15 minutes before a van would pull up and two guys in nurses’ outfits would just come walking out. “Hey, buddy, how’s it going?” “You’re making a lot of racket out here, aren’t ya?” “Why don’t you do me a favor, try this shirt on?” Be like, “Okay. How come the sleeves are so long?” “Oh, because we’re gonna tie your arms behind your back ’cause you’re out of your fucking mind, that’s it.” “Not gonna have you out here scaring the shit out of people.” “Get in the fuckin’ van!” And he got in the van and that was it. They send you to a nuthouse. That’s it, boom, bam, done, nuthouse. But the problem was the people at the nuthouses started fucking the patients ’cause everybody knows crazy people are great in bed, right? So they’re banging away, right? Hey, it happened. You’re groaning at history, all right? You can shake your heads all you want, but… Hey, hey! They fucked those people, all right? And they were banging away, doctors with their fuckin’ lab coats flappin’ in the wind, just banging away, until finally… for decades… finally somebody with a heart came walking in, “Hey, what the fuck is going on here?” And then they shut it down and then they just let all these people go. They all came running out like Mike Myers, jumping up on station wagons and shit. So that’s the thing, you go during the day. And I gotta tell you, when I pull up to one of these tent cities, I always feel good about myself. “This is good, man, helping out a fellow American.” “I would want them to do that for me.” “It’s fuckin’ ridiculous people have to live like that.” That’s what I think when I’m in the car, and then the second I get out and that smell hits me, I’m like, “What the fuck am I doing? Jesus Christ, these people are animals!” Right? I would equate it to the same feeling you probably get if you were on a safari and you’re in the Land Rover, and you look over and you see, like, a leopard. You’re like, “Look at that leopard over there.” Right? Then all of the sudden you go over a bump and fall out of the fuckin’ Range Rover. “Oh, fuck, that’s a leopard!” Yeah, so I pull up and I’m feeling like fuckin’ Uncle Sam. Then I get out of the car and I’m like, “What the fuck am I doing?” I start walking like this. There’s always some sort of movement going on, somebody fuckin’ limping across the street or something. And I’ve never been able to get close enough to talk, really, to anybody. You know, like they do on the news. You know, like, “Jeez, have you been sitting in here, you know, for a couple of months?” “What is it like to be inside of this tent?” I always wondered how many people they had to choke out before they could get that fuckin’ interview. You know, just comin’ in… blow darts. Numbin’ up everybody else. Building a perimeter. So, what I… What I do is I get about 30 yards away, and then I just start walking like this. And then I chicken out, I always chicken out. Thirty yards away, I just go, “Free shirts!” I run back to the car. And that’s when your brain starts playing tricks on you. Like I’m convinced somebody just came running out of the tent with a 2-by-4. Running after me. So I always do a lap around my car before I get in it, you know. ‘Cause homeless people have horrible lateral movement. You know, from all those years of sleeping on the sidewalk, their hips are just junk, you know, like an NFL running back. They slow down like a cruise ship, go right up and over the horizon. So in that time, you go around, you get in your car, you drive away. You drive away. Your closet’s a little more empty. You can go out, you can fill it back up again with shit you don’t fuckin’ need, you know, that’s what you do.

[man] America!
What’s that, sir?
[man] America!
America, yeah! America! Don’t think. Just do what you wanna do. Take your dick out, you know? I’ll tell ya, that’s what George Washington was talking about. You know? They really need to shut down the Internet. We are clearly too stupid to all be sharing ideas in this giant townie bar that we’ve created. You guys are all cheering, you’re all on the Internet just like me. I was on the Internet for six hours last night. Trying to figure out what kills a beaver, you know? Does a beaver have a natural predator? No. You wouldn’t know it from all the ignorant shit I’ve said so far, but I am a changed person, believe it or not. I am. I had an experience earlier this year.
[man] Bullshit.
This is all true. You don’t think so? Guy just yelled “bullshit.” Are you saying “bullshit,” sir, ’cause you don’t believe me or ’cause you don’t want me to leave? Is that what it is? The little angry circle that you’re in? Don’t be goin’ and gettin’ happy now. Don’t be goin’ and gettin’ soft on me. Don’t start huggin’ people and lovin’ yourself. And cryin’ when you see somethin’ cute. Hang onto it! Lash out at people. Reach for your pistol under the seat. Do it!
[man] Yeah!
No, I took mushrooms back in February for the first time ever.
[audience cheering, whistling]
This is the perfect state to tell this story. You guys should literally have… you should have mushrooms on your fuckin’ license plate. All right, so here’s the deal. I never fucked with anything like that. I was always a booze guy. Always a booze guy, you know. Yeah, you know. Relax, everybody. I always get nervous when I get white guys going like, “Yeah! All right, whoo!” “All right!” “Build the wall! Yeah!” I’m fuckin’ around, relax. It’s frightening to listen to, but that’s what being a guy is. You’re not allowed to have emotions. So all that shit comes out when you’re drinking. [growling] “Do something dumb so I don’t feel stupid!”
So… yeah, I was always like a booze guy, so I never fucked with psychedelics or whatever, so it was one of these deals. I was out in the desert, man, and I was like, all right, I got somebody watching my kids. Everything’s fine, I’m in my fifties. I gotta do it now or I’m never gonna do it, right? So this person, who may or may not have been my opening act tonight, goes, “All right, man.” Uh… He’s a good man, he’s a good man. He says to me, he goes, “All right.” He goes, “Okay, just take like, you know…” You know, it’s always just like, “All right, so, like, how fucked up do you wanna get, all right?” And there’s always like a square and it’s like, “Okay, don’t eat the whole square.” “Just like, bite one corner, lick the other one, and then rub the other one.” “Let it absorb in your face or whatever.” So, I’m like, “All right.” He goes, “How far into it do you wanna go?” I go, “I just wanna trip a little bit, nothing crazy.” So he goes, “Fine,” so I ate just a little bit. I get a little nauseous or whatever. At first it feels like I ate some weed, but then all of the sudden I notice shit that’s not alive looks like it’s breathing, right? Like the refrigerator looked like it just did a lap around the house. It’s kind of… Nothin’ threatening, you know. It needed it, you know. TV started getting bigger. It’s looking like it’s gonna fall on me. All right, and I was doing fine. I was like, “I know that TV’s not getting bigger.” “And if it is, I don’t give a shit, go ahead.” “Spill that pixelation all over me, I don’t give a fuck.” “I know I’m trippin’, I’m having fun. I’m giggling.”
I’m laughing and shit, I’m putting things together, and everything is fuckin’ great. And all of the sudden, about an hour in… all of a sudden this profound sense of loneliness and not feeling loved just washed over me. Yeah, and I was just like, “I fuckin’ knew it.” I fuckin’ knew it. This is why I didn’t do it. I knew I had too many demons. I knew I wasn’t going to see God and fuckin’ unicorns and slide down the rainbow and roll around in the grass. I fuckin’ knew Satan was coming up. There was gonna be a guy with a knife and shit. I was just like, “All right, go ahead. Drag me into the abyss.” “Let me see how fucked up I am,” and this feeling, it just enveloped me, and I don’t even know how to describe it, it wasn’t even a feeling. It just was, it just was.
So I’m freakin’ the fuck out. I’m sitting there like, “What the fuck?” I can’t get out of it, dude. Like I could walk a hundred fuckin’ million miles, I can’t walk out of it, it just was. So everybody else is, like, trippin’, I didn’t want to fuckin’ ruin their trip, so I’m just like, “All right, dude, I’m just gonna go to the bedroom.” “Oh, look at the refrigerator. Refrigerator…” [laughing nervously] All right. “I’m just feelin’ a little nauseous.” Just playin’ it up, right? Goin’ in the fuckin’ bedroom, and I’m just layin’ down in the bedroom like, “Dude, what the fuck? What the fuck?” And every time I thought I felt the bottom, it would just… just further into the bed, further into the bed, further into the bed. So about a half hour later, my wife comes in. She’s like, “Hey, how you doing?” Typical guy. “Great, I’m doin’ great.” “I’m doin’ great.” “It’s goin’ great.” So she’s laying next to me, “I’m feeling a little nauseous, this is a little bit much for me.” And she’s just laying down and I’m just feeling this feeling. Not feeling loved, profound sense of loneliness. So now I’m just looking at my wife, and my brain just starts going like, “Oh, fuck, did I marry the wrong person?” “Why am I lookin’ at…” I know it seems fucked up, but once you’re married long enough, even not on mushrooms, you have that thought every fuckin’ six weeks. You just do. Something happens where you just look at the side of their head and just do the math and just think, “Why did I ever talk to you?” “I could have just walked by. I didn’t even have to say hello.” “We had no relationship.” “We were nothing!” “What would happen if I just never talked to you?” Every six weeks, you think that’s a healthy relationship? That means you’ve still held on to a part of yourself that even though you love this person, you still, you know, you still want to run around like a mustang a little bit, right? So anyways, I’m like, that was freaking me out even more to think of my wife and be feeling that. So I was like, “Fuck, I need to pull the rip cord.” “I gotta get out of this fuckin’… it’s like a giant beanbag.” Couldn’t get out of it, right? So I was like, “Oh, fuck.” Think about your kids. Now, I love my kids. And I know they love me, there is no fuckin’ question. And I start thinking about my kids. And I still felt that feeling. And I was like, “All right, what the fuck is this?” ‘Cause I know that’s bullshit. And I just sort of laid there. And I relaxed. And I went, “Oh, fuck, I know what this is.” This is how I felt growing up. [chuckles] Yeah. This is what the ’70s and ’80s were like. Both your parents worked. You got a set of keys to the house when you were three. “Oh, yeah, son. Get the fuck out of my face, son.” It was fuckin’ nuts, yeah. I grew up in a very, like, angry time, you know? Like, you were afraid of your dad, your dad’s dad. I talked about this shit before, but I’m still working through it, so just bear with me. You just were fuckin’… Yeah, like I love seeing kids nowadays loving their dad. Like, “Dad, wanna go play, Dad? Let’s go ride bikes! Dad!” Yeah, when I was a kid, it was like, “Dad, fuck, Dad!” “Fuck!” “Run! Open a window.” “Mom, what did you see in that?” – Fucking lunatic, right?
[man] Yeah!
It was absolute fuckin’ lunacy. And not just my house. I love my parents, but it was just the time. Everybody was fuckin’ crazy, you were afraid, and people could put their hands on you and other people’s dads could hit you, and then you come home, “What the fuck did you do?” “I’ll fuckin’ hit you for it!” It was just nuts. Teachers would grab you, dig their nails into your fuckin’ neck. She’d come home, “She wouldn’t have done that unless something happened.” Right? It was all of that shit. Me and my siblings, we all beat the shit out of each other. You know. And then we all teased the dog, and the dog bit all of us. And we never got rid of the dog. One time the dog bit me in the face. I was fuckin’ with it, it was eating, I was like… And he latched onto my face like… Like that. My dad had to stitch me up and everything. We still didn’t get rid of the dog, you know? “Aw, he’s a good dog, he had a moment.” “Jesus Christ, you shouldn’t have put your goddamn face down there near the fuckin’ dog.” Yeah. So that’s all it was. It was weird, we were like The Brady Bunch meets Lord of the Flies. Like, on paper, it was great. It was a station wagon full of fuckin’, you know… Norman Rockwell, we went to church, we got Dunkin’ Donuts. Yeah, that was about the fuck… so… I don’t know, so anyway, we all ended up… My dad was one of those people, he said whatever the fuck was on his mind. You know what I mean? Yeah. You know, like that haircut women get when they get to a certain age? They got a couple of kids, they just get it cut a little shorter ’cause they don’t wanna deal with it. They put that little Hillary Clinton flip in it or something. Right? They get it all shaved up the fuckin’ back. First time you bend ’em over, you feel like you’re fuckin’ your friend Eric. Right? You know? But you love your wife, so you lie and you tell them, “Oh, looks good.” “Looks great, I always wanted to fuck Geraldine Ferraro.” “My God, it’s amazing.” My dad didn’t care. We picked my mother up, she got in the car, he just goes, “Aw, Christ, it looks like shit!” “Jesus Christ, what the fuck did they do to you?” “Aw, for Christ’s sake, you look like a fuckin’ man.” My mom’s just sittin’ there like… We’re in the back seat like, “This is what a functional relationship looks like.” Whoo! Yeah. So, because of all that, we all ended up getting, like, physical ailments from being in the fight-or-flight mode our whole lives. Everything, gym teachers were scary, collecting on your paper… Everybody was scary fuckin’ everything. One time my dad told a priest he didn’t deserve to wear the collar. I don’t know how it happened. We were discussing the altar boys’ schedule… and, I don’t know, he wanted to put me on a different mass, and my dad started getting his leg going. “You don’t deserve to wear the fucking collar!” The guy’s jaw was on the ground, and then the best part, next week we go to mass. They haven’t spoken in a week, and my dad comes walkin’ like, “Hey, how you doin’, what’s going on?” Like nothing happened. Yeah, so anyway, we all end up getting these physical ailments. Like one of my siblings has stomach problems, another one has this pain that won’t go away in his back. I remember I had, like, alopecia in, like, the third grade. Third grade, I literally had clumps of hair falling out like I was working on Wall Street, you know. And I was just sitting there like, “Did I pick up all the toys?” “Did I do the dishes?” “He’s gonna find something, he always finds something.” “Fuck, what do I do? I gotta kill him.” “I should kill him, that’s what I should do.” “When he’s sleeping, I’ll take an extension cord.” “I’ll wrap it around, put my fuckin’ foot on his back.” “Billy seems to lack the focus in class that he needs.” “He’s not working up to his ability.” Right?
Yeah, so, anyway, I took these fuckin’ mushrooms. All right? And I realized that I have been carrying that shit around and being like, all right, well, that’s why I drank the way I did. That’s why I’ve trashed women the way I… All the fuckin’ shit. I knew every fuckin’ thing I did, good and bad, in that moment. I was like, all right, now I got to get sober and I got to fuckin’ work my way through this shit, because, you know, my wife…
I don’t know if you guys noticed, I have a bit of a temper. [chuckles] “No, not you, Bill.” Yeah. So here’s the thing, you know, I’m so fucked up and grew up in such a fucked-up time that I didn’t even think I had a temper ’cause I was like, “I don’t fuckin’ yell at people in my house.” I curse my wife out, I mean we get into it. I get into it with her, but I don’t go like, “Jesus Christ, you fuckin’ bitch,” I don’t do that stuff. I don’t yell at my kids, but what I do is… what I still do is I flip out. So, like I said, I didn’t think that this was a problem. My wife told me it was a problem, but I don’t listen to her, you know. Why would I listen to her? All she does is criticize, you know? I got nothing but bad reviews on the fuckin’ Husband Yelp. It’s just all, “You know, didn’t enjoy the experience.” “Thumbs down, half a star,” never get a fuckin’ “attaboy,” right? So it just becomes white noise after a while. “What, am I doing something wrong again? Oh, yeah, you again, okay, great.” “Great, what did I do this time, huh?” “What do I have to work on?” “Go ahead, fuckin’ let me know,” right? So, I don’t listen to my lovely wife. Like an idiot… Like the idiot that I am, so…
One day I learned a harsh lesson, okay? It was a breakfast time. For some reason I had, like, 20 minutes to myself, which is really rare when you got two kids four and under, right? So I’m thinking like, “Holy shit, I can actually make myself a breakfast, like the old days.” “I’ll make two eggs over easy, I’ll make some toast, I’ll make some bacon, fuckin’ burn it up the way I like it.” “It’s gonna be the shit, right?”
So I’m having a great time, making myself a Grand Slam breakfast. I sit down to eat, I got the OJ, I got the glass of water. It looks like a picture from a commercial. And right as I sit down to eat, my phone lights up and I get a text message from my buddy. He goes, “Hey, man, I thought you were coming on this Zoom meeting.” “It started five minutes ago, we need you on this.” And I just absolutely lost it. I was like, Jesus Christ, of course I have a meeting. Of course I have my meeting, because why couldn’t I just have one goddamn cocksucking motherfucking moment to myself?! Fuckin’ toast flying all over the place. Flippin’ the fuck up.
And then all of the sudden, my daughter, who was like two and a half at the time, comes running into the kitchen with big tears in her eyes, just going, “I sorry, I sorry, Dada. Dada, I sorry.” And I was like, “Oh, shit!” So I literally just squatted down, I was like, “No, buddy, come here.” “I wasn’t yelling at you. Daddy would never yell at you.” “I love you, buddy. Daddy was yelling at the phone, okay?” “Dad yells at the phone when it says stuff that he doesn’t like, okay?” “Your dad has issues. I’m sorry, buddy. I would never yell at you.” And I could literally feel her tears drying in my shirt. I was like, “Buddy, I would never do that, okay?” “I love you. You still love me?” She said, “Yeah.” I go, “Okay, all right, buddy.”
And then you know when you do that thing with a kid where you turn them around and push them in the direction you want them to go in? And I just had to sit there like, I just did that to a two-and-a-half-year-old, and she was like walking away, and I’m just sitting there thinking like, “How bad was that?” “Is she just gonna go play with a toy and forget about it, or is she no longer gonna be an astronaut?” Like, what did I just do? I thought I was better than my dad, I’m making the same mistakes that he’s making. I fuckin’ hate myself.
I didn’t do the meeting, I didn’t eat the breakfast. I just went upstairs, just wanted to be alone, right? Just want to be fuckin’ alone, but I got a wife, so it doesn’t work that way. You know? Especially when you fuck up as bad as I did and as loudly as I did. I knew she was comin’ down the hall. I knew I was going to have to watch some game film. She was bringing the projector, the screen was gonna come down, and I’m literally just laying in there, like, “Please, God, just let her give me two minutes to fuckin’ calm down.”
Nope, she just comes right in and she’s just like, “So… you wanna discuss that little incident that happened downstairs in the kitchen?” And I’m like, “No, honey, can you just give me a second?” “My heart is still on the floor. Give me a second. I know I fucked up.” She doesn’t give a shit at that point, and she’s right, it’s her kid too, so she just launched in, “If you think you can do this in this fuckin’ house…” All this shit, and… I mean, she was 100% right, but I wasn’t ready to hear the information. So she just sort of zoned out. “They’re my kids too and…”
And I’m just sittin’ there… laying in the bed with the nerve to be upset with her. She didn’t do anything, and I’m just staring at her mouth as it’s moving, not hearing anything. I just started thinking of the news, a news story popped into my head. You know that news story, you’ll see it every year, year and a half. You’ll see some guy, never committed a crime in his life, you know, went to church every week. Helped old ladies across the street. And then out of nowhere, he just kills his wife. It’s gotta be from times like this. It just has to be. He just had something to say. Like, I don’t know, I just fucked up, but… I knew she was right, so I sat there, I fuckin’ took it, you know? I will say, as an aside, the next time you see a guy who never even cheated on his taxes, and then out of nowhere he kills his wife, I think it’s high time to bring back the question, “What did she say?” Okay? I’m just sayin’, all right? Examine the problem from 360 degrees.
So anyway, so, I love my dad and everything, you know, but there’s things I want to improve on, so the great thing I have done is my kids are not afraid of me. And every time I have fucked up, I’ve gotten down on my kids’ level and let them know that I was wrong and I apologize. So, the great thing is my kids are not afraid of me. So now, my daughter’s a little bit older, she’s like four and a half now, so now whenever I start flipping out, she actually has been helping me to stop. ‘Cause the second I hear that cute voice, I can’t… I just think, “Dada, I sorry,” I just immediately…

It’s hilarious, I’ll be in the kitchen. I’m always in the kitchen doing something, right? And one day I just come in like, “What the fuck kind of toaster is this?” “What was wrong with the other toaster?” “I need to download the app to make fucking cocksucking…” And all of the sudden, she’ll just be like, in the other room, be like, “Dad, don’t scream like that!” The second I hear that voice, I’m like, “You’re right, buddy, sorry.” “Sorry, I’m just gonna download the app here.” “Download the app in the amount of time it would take to make some fuckin’ toast!” Um… “Ooh, Dad, you said a bad word. You said a bad word.”
She does all of that shit, right? To the point, one night… We have movie night once a week. It’s my favorite thing, we’ll watch some Pixar thing, you know. One of those great movies, you know. They’re great. They’re for kids and adults. It’s fuckin’ awesome. We sit down, make the popcorn and everything. So we have this smart TV in the living room. Oh, people, this is a smart TV. Oh, is it smart. Oh, is this fuckin’ TV. It’s so goddamn smart that one time I was in there, I had all the lights up because we were gonna watch a movie, but the TV’s so smart, as I’m pressing “on”… which you don’t even do. Don’t hit the “on” button. You hit the “on” button, that fucks it up, you gotta press two other buttons. “Oh, is that what I gotta do? Is that what I have to fuckin’ do?” “Don’t scream like that.” “You’re right, buddy.” This fuckin’ thing, if the lights are out, will not turn on, ’cause it’s thinking, “Well, the lights are out, obviously nobody is in the room.” Well, maybe somebody’s asleep on the couch and they rolled over onto the remote. Meanwhile I’m standing in the dark, “You’re gonna turn on ’cause I fuckin’ bought you and I fuckin’ said so,” right? So my kid comes running. She’s like, “Dada, don’t scream like that.” I’m like, “You’re right, buddy. I’m sorry.” She’s like, “Dada, why do you scream like that?” “‘Cause I paid all this money for this TV.” “I wanna sit down and watch the movie with you, and every time I go to turn it on, it won’t turn on.” “It’s always something.”
So she put her little hand on my shoulder, she goes, “Dada, it’s gonna be okay. It’s gonna be okay.” Right? I don’t even think she knows what that means. I just think she knows when to say it, because my wife always says that. “Honey, it’s gonna be okay, just relax. We’ll get you another balloon.” “We can get you another one.” So that’s what she did. She was just going, “Dada, it’s gonna be okay.” Right? She had that little cute hand on my shoulder. And I don’t know, it just hit me, I was just thinking like, yeah. You’re right, it is going to be okay, right? “I mean, I could turn the lights on.” “I can relax. I don’t even need to watch it.” “As long as I’m hanging out with you, this is great.”
It was like a profound moment for me for like half a second. Then another moment, then I felt like a loser ’cause I’m like, how fucked up am I that a four-and-a-half-year-old is, like, my life coach, like, dropping these truth bombs on me?
So… anyway. So I’m going to try to stay sober until I figure out… Yeah, dude, it fuckin’ sucks, though, I’m not gonna lie to you. Just every day, takin’ life in the face. Praying for sleep. Oh, God, make it end. Fuckin’ hate these happy sober people. “It’s amazing, I feel so alive. I have all this fuckin’ energy.” How long does that take, you know? I drink a milk shake once a week, that’s my big fucking thing. Have a root beer float, oh, it’s just sad. It’s just a sad thing, like watching an old athlete that can’t run anymore. “I used to day drink, man, it was great.” So…
Anyway, um… By the way, I haven’t even mentioned how blown away I am that I’m playing in this place. This is absolutely great.
[audience cheering]
Yeah. It’s hilarious. You stay up here for like an hour with this wind, your fuckin’ lips get all chapped. It’s like you’re standing on the front of a boat. So, anyway, let’s end with a couple of silly ones here. We’ll be on our way, right? Let’s see what I did. All right, I’m doing good here. All right, so, here’s a good one for you.
A couple of years ago, before all this stupid fuckin’ pandemic shit started, Mother Nature’s half-assed attempt to get rid of the amount of people she needs to get rid of, you know, just procrastinating, treating it like a term paper. Um… I was in New York, I had an acting gig. I was playing a fireman. All right, now, I’m not the best actor, right? Some of you saw it. I hope you paid for it, you cheap bastards. You all watched it for free, you bastards. So, anyways, I’m not the best actor, so I have to look the part, so I grew this giant fireman mustache, big stupid fireman mustache, which looked great when I was wearing the whole fireman getup, and they put the fake dirt on my face. I looked like I’d been fighting fires for 20 years, right? However, the second I took off the costume and they cleaned off my face and I put on my regular clothes, I immediately just looked like some sad old queen that never found love, right?
And as luck would have it, I was in New York City in June, which I quickly found out was Gay Pride Month. The whole month. And let me tell you something, the gay guys show up strong. It is wall-to-wall, the fuckin’ island is almost tipping over, there’s so many of them. And I’m sitting there going, “Oh, my God.” Thirty days of this shit. I’m walking around with this orange Freddie Mercury fuckin’ dick broom on my face. I am gonna be getting harassed up and down the street. I was in actor shape, man, I was fuckin’ shredded.
I gotta tell you something, man, when I tell you 30 days of June, not one gay guy even fuckin’ looked at me. Forget about even hit on me. I have never felt so old and undesirable in my life. Dude, I’m gonna tell you something, there’s one thing as a man when you get so old that women don’t look at you anymore. Like, you know you’re gonna hit that age, you know that day’s coming, but nobody tells you, at some point, you’re gonna get so old, not even a man wants to fuck you, right? Dude, that is a statement. When you get so old, some queen in his sixties is, “Keep it movin’, I can do better than that.” “Jesus Christ.” “Get some fuckin’ hair plugs or something. Get a spray tan.” “I can get someone in his forties. Come on, keep going.”
Dude, I was having this fuckin’ panic attack. I was thinking like, “Oh, my God, I waited too long to get married.” “I had kids too late, I’m gonna die soon.” I was literally wrapping up my life, you know? So I’m walking down like Ninth Avenue, putting a little swish in my fuckin’ step, just tryin’ to get something. I was desperate. Fuck you, ladies, you’ve been there. You know how it is. You wanna think you got one more in ya, you know? So I’m tra-la-la-ing down the street. I really wish that wasn’t the truth.
So I’m going down Ninth Avenue, and all of the sudden I looked up, and about two blocks away, I see this lesbian coming up the block. Okay? Now, I know this is Boulder, Colorado, right? So you guys are all like, “Fuckin’, hey, man, you know?” Like, “How did you, like, know she was a lesbian, man?” “Like, that’s not cool.” “You just looked at her and you just knew she was a lesbian?” “You don’t know her, how did you just…” “How do you just know somebody’s a lesbian?” Easy. The same way you do. The same way other lesbians do. It’s not calculus. No, but I understand in 2021, you’re not allowed to say you know “what a lesbian looks like,” right? Judging by your silence, yes, right? Yeah, you’re not allowed, right? What’s funny, if some white kid came in here, like 20 years old, hair slicked back, collar popped, loafers, no socks, you’d be looking at him thinking, “All right, frat boy, date rapist.” “His dad’s a judge. He’s not going to jail.” “Yeah. Just killed five people in a drinking-and-driving accident.” “Already has a new Dodge Challenger on the way.” Right? Yeah, you’re allowed to see that, that you can see. Clear as day. Lesbian. I have no idea. No, but that’s how progressive you guys are. Right? You don’t have any idea. Right? Like, let’s play a game. I’ll just name different people you see and see the slides that come into your head, right? Construction worker. Sports fan. Painter. Skateboarder. Lesbian. Right? It all goes blank. Is that a lesbian? Am I a…? I mean, I have gay friends, but I’ve never noticed any sort of a throughline.
Listen, people, I’m not saying all lesbians look alike. I would never say some ignorant shit like that. However, I am saying, though, every once in a while, there’s a fucking layup. Right? Flattop, wallet chain, fuckin’ walking up the street. Right? But even then, I’m not saying 100%. But gun to my head, I gotta go lesbian. Gotta go lesbian. Final answer, final answer, show me “lesbian.” Right?
So, anyway… She’s fuckin’ walkin’ up the street. I’m comin’ down, right? And it’s clear to me that if we keep walking the way we’re walking, we’re gonna bump into each other. I don’t wanna bump into a woman, I don’t want to bump into anybody in New York, so I do the gentlemanly thing. I clock what’s going on, so I just gradually shift over into my lane. Now everything’s fine, right? But then the weirdest thing happened. We walk like another 30 yards, and all of the sudden, she drifts back into my lane again. And I’m sitting there walking like, “Wow, that was kind of crazy.” “Thought I solved this problem.” All right, so I fuckin’ dip into another lane again. Okay, I’m walking, we go another 30 yards, she comes back into my lane again. So now I’m up against the curb. So now I’m thinking, how do I do the politically correct math here? What am I supposed to be doing here? Am I supposed to step off into the bike lane and have some young kid on his electric bicycle come by, forty miles an hour, run me over, I go down to the pavement, knees and elbows? And for the rest of my life, every time it rains, I gotta think about this lesbian that walked me off the fuckin’ block? Is that what I’m supposed to do? Am I supposed to give up the whole sidewalk? Like, “Oh, your gayness!” Right? Or do I stiffen up my shoulder and protect my lane? Right?
Now, I’m not proud of this, but I chose the latter, all right? I was like, “Look, I’m 53.” “I moved twice. I have an AARP card. I’m the fuckin’ victim here.” So… I stiffen up the shoulder and immediately I’m thinking this is gonna get crazy. I’ve never done this with a female before. This is in public, people are gonna see this shit, what’s gonna happen? But I’m not going to lie, she started closing in, she was moving, so I like leaned in, like I really got my legs underneath me, ’cause she was built like a janitor and I was not gonna get spun around. I wasn’t gettin’ spun around. Not having that on the fuckin’ logbook, right? So I lean into this shit, and at the last second, she turned her shoulder and we just missed shoulders, but our forearms still slapped together with significant enough force that it warranted a turnaround. Okay? Now, I know most of you guys drive, so I will break down pedestrian etiquette really quickly in New York City. This is the deal, if you’re walking down the street in New York, you’re walking and you just sort of brush sleeves with somebody, you don’t have to stop. Just look over your shoulder, “Sorry, man, my bad, have a nice day.” Right? Then there’s the next level. Moves up a little bit. You’re walking down the street, you actually bump into somebody, you actually have to turn around, “Sorry, I didn’t see you.” A little dojo bow, “My bad.” Whatever you have to do… “My sensei”… to keep it from escalating. And then there’s the last one. You’re just walking down the street and you hit so fuckin’ hard, you gotta turn around and go like old-school Dustin Hoffman-De Niro, like, “Hey, I’m fuckin’ walkin’ here! Huh?” “I fuckin’ moved twice, you didn’t see that?” “You drifted two times, huh?”
So I turn around to have this confrontation, and let me tell you something, she never looked back. And I’m not gonna lie to you, that bugged me. That bugged me for like three days. Three days, I’m just walking around New York, “Goddamn fuckin’ bullshit, there’s no fuckin’ way you didn’t do that on purpose!” “Who does that, who drifts?” You know? And I’m feeling this anger, it’s just burning me up, and I know eventually it’s gonna settle in my chest, and then one more time it’s gonna be, “I sorry, Dada, I sorry.” It’s like I can’t do this to my daughter, I can’t do this to my kids.
So I started reading up on anger. Like, “how to let go of this,” I think is what I Googled. And I found empathy. If you have empathy for somebody, you put yourself in their shoes, you can just, you know, figure out where they’re coming from, where you’re coming from, meet in the middle, so I said, here we go, let me put myself in her shoes. What would cause somebody to accidentally drift into your lane twice? You know, so I just started throwing shit on the wall. Did she have a clubfoot? No. Did she just have a stroke? Did she have Bell’s palsy of her left side? You know? Was she a mummy? Did she have a wooden leg? You know? Is she one of those fuckin’ diagonal walkers? You get behind them at the airport, they’re walkin’ too slow, you go around to the right, they start dragging their suitcase over there. You go over to the left, they’re coming back this way, you know? It’s like they just got off a ship. And everything was just like, no, no, no, cut! Right? And I was still mad. I was still fuckin’ mad. So I said, “Who gives a shit? I don’t give a fuck.” Lied to myself, said I didn’t give a fuck, you know? So then I ended up going home. Then I’m washing the dishes, which is a very Zen-like thing to do. It’s a week later, you wash dishes, you’re not thinking of anything. Your brain is empty, I’m washing the dishes, and then all of the sudden, the answer just came to me. It just floated into my head, and I just looked up. I was like, “Oh, my God. I know why she did it.” I know why she bumped into me. She bumped into me because she’s a lesbian. It was right there. I was, like, looking nine miles down the street, looking under shrubs. It was right in front of my face. She did it because she’s a lesbian. All right, so judging by most of your silence, I will do this math for you, come on. Let’s have a little empathy here. Put yourself in a lesbian’s shoes, all right? Who do lesbians date? Women. Who do they move in with? Women. Who do they get in relationships with? Women. Who do they eventually marry? Women. And I was thinking like, “Oh, my God. I did that.” I know what the fuck that’s like. I know what it’s like to live with one of those fuckin’ things. I know exactly what that… it’s hopeless. Trying to make them happy. “Hey, I bought you this shiny thing. Did I do it right, huh?” Trying to get them to take responsibility for their actions. Not gonna happen. The best you’re gonna get is, “I’m sorry, but…” I know what it’s like to be winning a fuckin’ argument, you’re winning, and then they turn it around, they’re crying, you’re apologizing. You’re thinking, what the fuck just happened? How am I losing this shit? I had you on the ropes. You feel so dumb, you got to go for a walk. And you’re just thinking, how did I lose again? How did I lose again? And then you figure it out, it makes you feel stupid, and then you see some bald idiot with a giant orange mustache, you’re like, “You know what, why don’t you take some of that shit?” “You take some of that fuckin’ anger.” Yeah. I feel so stupid that I got mad at that woman. I shouldn’t have got mad at her, I should have bought her a beer. And just listen to her troubles and had empathy and be like, “It’s not your fault. You married a woman, I did it too.” “You’re not gonna win. There’s no winning this.” Yeah. I’m telling you, if you don’t believe me, do a little people-watching. Take a look at the look on the average lesbian’s face. I don’t mean a lesbian in her twenties, she’s got her life ahead of her, she’s got Christmas in her eyes, right? I mean, a lesbian about 35, 36, starting to settle in to what the deal’s gonna be, right? And then look across the bar, find a married guy about the same age. Look at the look on his face. Look at the look on her face, go back to his face. It’s the same fuckin’ look. Yeah. And then look at gay guys. Some of the happiest people I’ve ever met in my life. They’re almost too happy. It’s like, “Hey, how’s it going?” They’re like, “Hi!” Almost floating across the room with that lack of estrogen just yanking down your fuckin’ dreams. No. Now, look, it might be a front. I’m not saying all gay guys are just blissfully happy, but it’s looking like a pretty good time to me. Dude, they’re some of the most positive people I’ve ever met in my life. Any idea you have, they support it. They’re just like, “Yes, yes, queen, yes!” “You’re fierce, you can do it!” Lesbians are up in the bar like a bunch of jaded cops. “It’s all fuckin’ bullshit.” “What the fuck was I thinking?” “U-Hauling after ten days, moving in. What the fuck was I thinking?” “She’s crazy!” No, I’m telling you, I think married men and lesbians need to start hanging out more, and we gotta put our heads together and try to solve our common problem, the women in our lives. So we can somehow attain the perceived happiness of the average gay dude out there. Yeah. So, if you believe in that shit, I’ll give you some advice. If you’re gonna expand your fuckin’ world of friends, I’ll give you some advice. You can’t just hang out with any lesbian. All right? You gotta make sure you’re hanging out with the dude in the relationship, right? And by “dude,” I’m not saying she’s manly, I’m not being ignorant. By “dude,” I just mean she’s the one that gets blamed for most of the shit. Right? ‘Cause no relationship is balanced. Somebody is getting away with more. Somebody’s drafting behind the other. It’s like a bike race. Somebody else is taking the fuckin’ weather in the face. [imitates fanfare] Right? Somebody else is fuckin’ right behind. “Oh, yeah, it really is wet.” Just kind of hiding under your fuckin’ poncho. Male-female, female-female, they-they, whatever the fuck it is you’re into. Every relationship, there’s the person that does the dishes and the person that lets them soak. Right? They don’t let them soak. They know you’re gonna do ’em. They’re just waitin’ you out. After a while, you can’t fuckin’ take it anymore. They’re just sitting there. You gotta go start doing them. Then what do they do? They sit in the other room and wait, like they don’t know what you’re doing, and wait till they hear pots and pans, and that’s when the show starts. That’s when they come running in like, “What?” “I was gonna do those!” And you’re like, “No, you weren’t. They’ve been sitting here eight hours.” “I got my hands in room-temperature water with scrambled eggs floating around.” “Don’t gaslight me, you’re a fuckin’ animal.” “You were raised by animals, get out of my sight.” “Don’t yell at me!” Right? Yes. Every relationship has the person that will take the trash bag out of the trash barrel and do a little… Tie it off and then leave it slumped against the counter. Like it took two behind the ear in a mob hit, just… And then there’s the person that actually picks it up and takes it out to the curb at night and puts it in the trash can, right? My wife’s hilarious, I love her, but she’s got some of the worst excuses ever. “Why don’t you ever take out the trash?” She goes, “I would, I’m just afraid of coyotes.” “I’m afraid of the coyotes.” It’s like, “So am I! So am I!” “They’re rabid dogs.” “They hunt in packs of twos and threes.” “You don’t do it ’cause you don’t wanna do it ’cause you know I’m gonna do it, just get the fuck away from me, please.” I’m telling you… So, anyway… I know I said a lot of divisive shit here tonight, so before I get out of here, before I get out of here, I want to… Let’s bring the room together. It’s a very divisive time. Everyone wants to feel safe. Let’s do a nice, normal, mainstream topic, so everybody can drive home happy, no fights, all right? Sound good? All right, great. Let’s talk abortion. There you go. Everybody has an opinion. “It’s my body, it’s my right.” “Well, then fuckin’ drive to Arkansas, bitch!” Right? Everybody has an opinion. As do I, and I apologize that you’re gonna have to listen to mine. Because… I’m gonna tell you right now. I have a really weird take on abortion. I’m gonna tell you that right from the get-go, okay? I’m 100% pro-choice, always have been.
[women cheering]
Ladies, I said it was weird. For the love of God. Stop getting in the trunk in the car. Wait till the end. You’re supposed to vet me first. Whoo! Fuckin’ feet out the sunroof. I said I had a weird take. Pro-choice always made sense to me ’cause I don’t like people telling me what to do, and I was just like, it’s your body. Who the fuck am I to tell you what to do with your body? So that always made sense. All right? However, I still think you’re killing a baby. See? That’s where it gets weird. Like, I sit on the fence and the whole thing makes sense to me. When anybody’s saying, like, “Don’t tell me what to do.” “It’s my body, my choice.” That’s right, man, she’s right. Leave her the hell alone. “Well, you’re killin’ a baby!” Well, I mean, there is that. You know? If we’re gonna be honest, that is the whole purpose of the procedure. You’re not going in there ’cause you got an earache. You’re going in there ’cause “I got a baby in me, get it the fuck out of there!” Right? You walk in with the baby, you come out without one. What happened to the baby, right? Something fuckin’ happened. So… Pro-choice people like, “Well, it’s not a life yet.” “It’s not a baby yet if…” I don’t know what they say. “Before you do it the first Thursday or the last Tuesday and you spin around one time.” They dance between the right trucks. “It’s not a baby yet,” that’s what they say, which may or may not be true. I don’t know, I’m not a doctor, but I’ll tell you, my gut tells me that doesn’t make sense. It’s not a baby yet. That would be like if I was making a cake and I poured some batter in a pan and I put it in the oven, and then five minutes later you came by and you grabbed the pan, you threw it across the floor. And I went, “What the fuck?! You just ruined my birthday cake.” And then you’re like, “Well, that wasn’t a cake yet.” It’s like, “Well, it would have been.” “If you didn’t do what you just did, there would have been a cake in 50 minutes.” “Something happened to that cake, you cake-murdering son of a bitch!” Right? Now, before all you pro-life people get excited, I think it’s great you’re killing your babies. It’s fantastic. Help Mother Nature out. There’s too many of us. It’s been 130 degrees out. Animals are going extinct. There’s plastic in the fuckin’ ocean. We don’t need any more fuckin’ people. And especially, if you’re honest with yourself, have you done anything great with your life? Is the person you’re banging doing anything great? The answer to both of those questions is no, what are the odds you’re gonna make a great person? I’m not saying you’re gonna make a bad person, you’re just gonna make another person that doesn’t go when the light turns green ’cause they’re staring at their fuckin’ phone.
All right, I’m out of time. You guys were awesome. Thank you so much. Thank you, thank you. This was amazing.
[cheering, whistling]
Thanks again. Thank you for coming out, everybody. I really appreciate it, good night.—
All right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you for coming out here. Okay, okay. All right. Okay, I didn’t cure anything. Jesus Christ. Fuckin’ lifetime achievement award out here.
Pro Swine Flu
I…I have been on the road for the last five months. I don’t know, man. I’m just really thinking the worst of people. I really am. You should see some of the animals—some of the animals I see. Like, I was in the airport the other day, right? I’m sitting there waiting for my flight to take my life and watching this—watching this lady. She’s eating egg McMuffins, like, plural, and just threw, like, three of them right down her throat like a pelican. Just, like, right down her gullet. And when she was done, she wiped her face with the bag. Ahh, with the bag, not even like a gentleman. Like, “oh, I’ll just do the corners,” and, “ahhhh.” Then she just kind of straight-razor shaved. Just an absolute animal.
I saw this other dude. He was so out of shape, he was, like, trying to itch his back, and he couldn’t reach it, so he walked up to a support pole that was holding up an entire floor of the airport and just walks up, and he just starts, like, rubbing up against it like a grizzly bear. Just sitting there. Just a fuckin’ animal.
Dude, I am so pro-swine flu, it’s, like, ridiculous. I want it. We need a plague. I’m telling you, we need a plague. It’s got to happen, and don’t be afraid. It’s only gonna—it’s only gonna kill the weak, you know? Seriously, put on a sweater. Take some vitamins. You’re gonna be fine. Just… You’ve got to let mother nature do her thing, man. She keeps trying to help us out, and we won’t let her do it. Keeps trying to thin the herd, and every single time, we’re like, “oh, go down and get your vaccination.” Why? Why? So egg McMuffin lady can breed with the back fat guy, you know?
It’s got to happen. You’ve got to let her do it. Seriously, plague, it’s like nature’s forest fire, you know? Just let it burn out all the dead wood.
No, I swear to God. We’re the only—we’re the only species that saves the weak. We really are. Lions don’t do that shit, you know? A lion gets a little thorn in his paw, and everybody’s, “slow down. Do you have an ear infection? How are you feeling? Is everything all right? Do you need some penicillin?” and it’s like, “fuck him.” That’s why there’s no traffic on the Serengeti. There’s not a bunch of lions just standing there in gridlock like, “what the fuck is going on up there? Dude, go. Just fuckin’ go.” An hour later, you get up there. There’s some hyena licking his balls. Like, “oh, that was the big holdup, right? Like you never saw that before. Oh, by all means, slow down and look at it.”
Being a Mother
So… I’ve got a girlfriend, man. I watch a lot of TV with her, you know? I just annoy the hell out of her. She loves watching the Oprah Winfrey show, and I love, like, watching her watch the Oprah Winfrey show. And I wait for Oprah to say something stupid, and the second she does, I just take it out on my girl, because I’m an asshole. No, it’s what I do.
No, we were watching it the other day, you know. Oprah’s on there. She’s interviewing some clam, you know, and… she’s giving her this big, ridiculous intro, like, “she’s done this. She’s done that. She’s done this. And she does the most difficult job on the planet. She’s a mother.” And continues on, and immediately, I just look at my girlfriend like… You know. Like, “really? Being a mother is the most difficult job on the planet? Oh, yeah, all those mothers who die every year from black lung from inhaling all that coal dust.”
Dude, women are just constantly patting themselves on the back about how difficult their lives are, and no one corrects them, ’cause they want to fuck ’em. No, that’s what it is. So there’s just this tornado of, like, misinformation. “I have the most difficult job on the planet.” What would you rather be doing, drilling to the center of the earth, shaking hands with the Devil, every time there’s a rumble in the ground, you’re waiting for the whole thing to collapse down on top of you so they can write that folk song about you, you know? Or would you rather be up in the sunshine running around with a couple of toddlers that you can send to bed anytime you want on some sort of trumped-up charges, right? Because you want to have a drink and watch The Price is Right. You know what I mean? I couldn’t believe it.
“It’s the most difficult job on the planet.” Oh, yeah? I thought roofing in the middle of July as a redhead—I thought that that was difficult, but these mothers are bending over at the waist putting DVDs into DVD players. I don’t know how they do it. I don’t know how they do it. Dude, any job that you can do in your pajamas is not a difficult job, all right? Give me a break. Jesus Christ, you’re 35 years old playing hide-and-go-seek. You’re living the dream. You’re living the dream. No time card, no taxes. You’re off the fuckin’ grid. Making Popsicle stick houses. I mean…
“It’s the most difficult job on the planet.” Oprah’s not even a mother. How the fuck would she know? Unbelievable.
Granted, neither am I, but I, you know, I think it kind of balances itself out.
Oddly Racist
[…]
Make My Sandwich
[…]
Chain Stores
[…]
Don’t Wanna Be That Guy
I’m halfway through my life at this age, you know, and I’ve been an angry son of a bitch, and I’ve got to turn this around, man. I’m embarrassed with my—I don’t wanna be that guy. You die as the angry guy. That’s the worst dude to die as, because then people have got to try to think of happy shit to say about you at your funeral. They’re just sitting there like, “he, uh… you know, he always paid his bills on time, you know. You’ve got to give him that, you know. God damn it, you gave this guy a bill, he paid it. This guy was a bill-paying son of a bitch, ironed his shirts. I—I got nothing. I don’t know what else to say about the guy. He’s just…”
No… No, I noticed—you know when I knew I had an anger problem was when—just, like, little random things. Like, I went to this place another time. I’m on the road, and I’m ordering food, and I was done ordering the food, and the guy behind the counter asked me if I wanted a cookie, right? And all of a sudden, I just had this unbelievable urge just to blast this guy right in the face. I’m not trying to be paranoid, but my brain was just sitting there going like, “dude, what kind of a man asks another man if he wants a cookie? This guy thinks you’re soft or something.” “Oh, you want a cookie, huh? You want a cookie there, cupcake?” Who the fuck is he? He doesn’t fuckin’ know you like that. And you know what the sad thing was, was I wanted a cookie. I would have loved one, sitting there with a big glass of milk like a four-year-old. Who doesn’t love a cookie, you know? But I say it. I say I want a cookie. You don’t fuck. I say it. I say I want a cookie. I bring it up, and if you bring it up, you do it subtle. You don’t just yell it across the restaurant. “You want a cookie, you pussy, pussy, pussy?”
Yeah, so that’s when I realized I’ve got a… anybody else’s thoughts just wake them up in the middle of the night? You just wake up. “Oh, you know, I don’t think I’m gonna make it,” you know? No, you know, my big move— actually, I’m a lot happier than I used to be, man. I fuck around a lot when I’m up here, but I’m definitely a lot more happier. My big move, you know, I decided I wasn’t gonna go home for the holidays. That was a big thing. I had to. There you go, one guy right there. Yeah, I had to. I don’t know what age you decided not to, but I went home at 39 not married, no kids, and I was just like, “there is no way I am going home at 40. There’s no way. There’s no way.” People aren’t even, like, asking questions. They just look at you weird. Just like, “so you’re just…” “you’re just gonna tell jokes, you know? Talk about disease and wish it on people and make fun of people who like cake. Is that what you’re gonna do? You don’t want to live in a cul-de-sac and have a couple of kids and gradually resent everyone and then take your own life? You don’t want to do that?”
Yeah. No, dude, I would love to be married. Like, in my head, it all makes sense. Like, I—you know? I don’t know what happened, but it just—it scares me. When I see married guys, I just get, like, nervous, man, that I’m just gonna be, like, that stereotypical married guy, you know? Just, like, a shell of my former self. You know, every weekend up on that silver ladder just scooping shit out of the gutters. My neighbor coming over, you know. “Hey, Bill, how’s it going?” “Oh, you know, pretty good, pretty good. Yeah, Susie keeps getting bigger, you know. I’ve been wearing this shirt for 11 years. I don’t know what happened to my dreams, you know. I just like coming up here ’cause it’s quiet. Yeah, I just stand up here and think about what might have been. Yeah.”
My neighbor’s not even listening to me. He’s all excited about some garden hose he bought at Brookstone. He’s convinced it was designed by NASA. “Actually, it’s got two nozzles, one for the hot and one for the cold.” Really? Is it long enough to go around both our necks and the chimney so we can tandem jump off of this? That’s all I really care about you and your little garden hose.
Little Things
Now, I know I just sort of mentioned killing myself there. I don’t want to freak you out, all right, because I did that joke when I was down in the BIBLE BELT, and I was down south, and this girl took me really seriously. She came up to me at the end of the show, and she’s like, “you’re not really thinking about doing something like that, are you? You’re not really…” and I was like, “No, no, no. I’m just joking. I’m just joking.” She goes, “good, ’cause, you know, you can’t go to heaven if you do something like that.” And I was just like, “yeah, you know, I really don’t give a shit, you know?” It’s not that I don’t. I just like freaking out people that are that religious, that have a whole little checklist. “Shit if you do this, you go here, and if you do that…” How do you know that? You don’t know that. Shut up, you know? I think it’s a very normal thought. I think it’s a very normal thought to think about killing yourself, you know? I do.
You know what’s weird? Anytime I think about killing myself, it’s never over anything big. It’s always little things. Little things make me want to take myself out. It’s bizarre. Like, if my girlfriend broke up with me, I’m not gonna lie to you. I would be devastated, devastated. I’d be laying on the ground crying in the fetal position for, like, three days, you know. But, you know, by the fourth day, you know, I’d rub one out, you know, start putting the pieces back together. I know what I’ve got to do, join a gym, lie to myself that I’m gonna get the six-pack back. I know what I’ve got to do, all right?
But little things. I thought about killing myself, like, a year ago on Thanksgiving. And you know why it was? It was because I said i was gonna make a pie. That little statement made me think about taking myself out. This is how it works. This is basically the deal, right? My girlfriend’s an angel. She absolutely loves the holidays, so it was, like, two weeks before Thanksgiving, so she’s all excited. She’s like, “oh, my God. Thanksgiving’s coming up.” I’m sitting there trying to watch the game. “Thanksgiving. What are you gonna do for Thanksgiving,” right? And I started freaking out. Like, I didn’t think I had to do anything for Thanksgiving, you know? I just thought I had to, you know, not get drunk and be belligerent around your friends. I thought I was fine. She’s like, “no, I’m gonna make a turkey. I’m gonna make stuffing. What are you gonna do?” So I panicked. I’m like, “I’ll fuckin’ make a pie.”
I don’t know how to make a pie. I was just trying to make her go away, you know? You ever do that? You just agree with them thinking it will make them leave? Like, “awesome, what you said, high five, fuck off,” and you go back to watching the game. Yeah.

No, but it totally worked. It totally worked, because she walked away completely excited. She was, like, you know, ran away all excited, and I totally forgot about it, right? Two weeks later, Thanksgiving comes up, right? She just wakes up. She’s like, “oh, my God. It’s Thanksgiving. It’s Thanksgiving. You’re gonna make that pie, right? You said you were gonna make a pie.” I was like, “fuck.” I’ve got to make a pie. I’ve got to go to the grocery store. I’ve got to buy some flour. Then I just started thinking, “man, what if I just slammed my head right through this plate glass window and just bled out right down the side of the house, you know? I wouldn’t have to make the pie.”
So it’s not even like I’m suicidal. It’s more like I’m, like, lazy. You know what I mean? Like, whenever I know the next four hours of my life is gonna suck, I think about it. “God, I’ve got to pay my taxes. There’s a long line at the bank,” and then a bus is coming by. “What if I just dove headfirst right into those double back tires?”
Anybody else? You ever think about shit like that? You know what gets me? Ceiling fans. Somebody’s telling me some stuff I don’t want to do. “You’re gonna need two forms of I.D. We need your birth certificate.” And a ceiling fan’s behind the head. I’ll be, “I’ll get right on that.” Doing, doing, doing.
What Are You, A Fag?
So anyway, so I decided not to go home for the holidays. That’s what I’m really trying to tell you here. No, I did. I kind of came to this epiphany. I’m like, “man, I’m 41 years old. My dad had five kids by the time he was my age. I’ve got to get on with my life here.” So I was, like, going, “you know what? I’m not working Thanksgiving. I’m not working Christmas. I’m not working New Year’s.” and it was, like, the middle of October, and I was like, “wait a minute. What about Halloween?” Then my brain was like, “you know what? Fuck this. I’m getting a pumpkin,” right? That’s how angry my brain is. I can’t be just like, “you know what? Hey, let’s get a pumpkin.” It’s got to be, “you know what? Fuck this. Let’s get a pumpkin.” That’s what I started thinking. I’m carving that shit. I’m handing out candy to the kids. I’m meeting them at the door. Hey, what are you supposed to be, huh? Oh, yeah? Full-size snickers, bam. Who does that? Who does that? Nobody, nobody. I will break your fuckin’ bag with my candy, huh? AC/DC pumpkin. You ever seen that before? You haven’t right? You tell all your friends where you seen that shit. What are you, leaned to one side? That’s heavy. Here’s another candy bar. You’ll be like dumbbells, walk right down the stairs. This is how much of a maniac I am.
Do you know—this is all true. It took me four trips to go to the supermarket to finally be able to buy this goddamned pumpkin, because every time I would walk in there to get it, I’d be thinking all these happy thoughts. “This is a great thing. I’m embracing the holidays. It’s gonna bring me and my girlfriend together. This is a very loving thing to do.” And I reach out and grab it, and all I hear in the back of my head is, “what are you, a fag?” And then immediately, I had to turn around and walk out.
All right, let me explain that joke to functional people in the crowd, let me explain this. All right… This is how it works with guys. Any time you do anything remotely sensitive, heartwarming, anything that’s gonna make you more of a loving, caring individual, immediately, all your guy friends suggest that maybe, just maybe, you want to suck a dick.
Oh, it’s brutal. Even if you do something smart, right, like it’s raining out. “He’s got an umbrella. What a fag. Oh, my God. What, are you afraid of the water? Put your shoulders up, you fuckin’ homo. Jesus Christ. What, did you pull that thing out of your ass?”
Oh, it’s brutal. It doesn’t even have to make sense. “You carved a pumpkin? What do you do next, carve some guys ass with your cock? What a fag. What, are you gonna blow a scarecrow? Dude, get away from me with your gay little pumpkin.”
Oh, it’s brutal. “Dude, what are you, a fag” is the reason why guys drop at 55 out of fuckin’ nowhere. It’s literally from five decades of just suppressing the urge to, like, hug a puppy, admit a baby’s cute, say you want a cookie. You’ve just got to keep pushing it down like, “fuck them. I’m not sucking dick. I’m not sucking dick.” all right?
Yeah. No, no, no, no, and then one day—one day, you’re in a Denny’s, and they forget to put bananas in your pancakes. You just have, like, an aneurism, and your head slams off that sticky table, and the last thing you hear before it all goes black is your friends go, “he got bananas in his pancakes. What a fag. Oh, my God. It wasn’t sweet enough with the syrup, you fairy? Hey, bring another one over whole and shove it up his ass, right? Yeah, ’cause it looks like a dick, right? It looks like a dick. Yeah, I thought it, and then I said it. I’m awesome. Yeah.”
Oh, it’s a horrible, horrible way to live your life. You can’t—you’re just dying every day. Just every dumb thing that you can do as a guy, any stupid thing that’s gonna shorten your life makes you more of a man. Fuckin’ zero degrees out. You don’t have a coat on. “Dude, you cold?” You can’t admit it. “No, I’m not cold. Dude, I’m not cold. I’m just thinking of something I really agree with,” you know.
No. I’m trying to let go of this ball of hate in my chest. That’s why I don’t have any kids. I don’t. I think it’s irresponsible to be a complete maniac, not work on yourself, and then just have a kid, and then just start downloading all your fucked-up thoughts onto their pristine little hard drive, you know? You send them off to school with your little—your little manifestos. They’re freaking out other kids at school. “Two plus two, Timmy. What did you get?” “Daddy keeps cash in the walls, because he doesn’t trust banks.”
Yeah. No, it’s embarrassing to know this little about yourself at my age, man. I’ve got to get beyond— like, do you know how I finally ended up getting that pumpkin? You know how I did it? I actually had to bring my girlfriend down to the supermarket, and I had to walk her by the pumpkins, because I knew the second I did it, she was gonna freak out, and she did. The second she saw them, she was just like, “oh, my God, a pumpkin. Halloween’s coming up. We should get a pumpkin. Oh, my God, let’s get a pumpkin.” She starts doing, like, this little pumpkin dance, and I had this unbelievable urge just to take her head and just fuckin’ mush it right into the pumpkins and really hold it there for a second, like, feel the panic in the back of her head as the air bubbles became, like, less and less frequent as she sat there contemplating, “is this how it’s gonna end, pumpkin seeds up my nose? I always envisioned being surrounded by loved ones looking back on achievements. It’s so orange.”
No, I resented her. I resented the fact she gets to be a fag. She does. She gets to see pumpkins. “Oh, my God.” Right? Sees a little puppy. “It’s so cute.” Cries at sad movies. I’ve got to hold on to all of that shit, slowly dying inside. Go out to go see a sad movie, comes to the sad part. What do I do? She’s crying. I’ve got to think of some funny shit. “Ah, what if somebody kicks Sean Penn in the balls right now? Ah-ha-ha.” I start laughing. And then they get mad at you. “how could you laugh during a time like this?” because I’m not fuckin’ allowed.
That’s right.
That’s right. Thank you, sir. I like how you’re turning this into a town meeting, this guy down here. “that’s right. That’s exactly it. I always wanted to cry when I was watching lifetime, but, you know, I was never allowed to.”
Toddlers
[…]
My Theories
[…]
Free Dog
I got a dog recently, everybody. That’s, like, the big thing. Yes, I did. I’m psyched. I went down to the pound. I got one of those free dogs, free dog. That’s how I say it too. I don’t say, “I rescued a dog.” I hate when people say that stuff. They say, “she’s a rescue. I rescued her.” Really? Did you pull her out of a burning building?” “Did you jump in a river with your wing tips still on with no concern for your own safety, or did you just go down to the pound and get a free dog, you cheap fuck? Isn’t that what you did?”
I actually—I did not want to get a rescue dog. I did not want to do that. My girl was all about it. She was like, “we should rescue a dog. Do you want to rescue a dog?” I’m like, “no, no, I don’t.” She’s like, “why not? I go, “because i think a lot of the dogs down at the pound might be a little fucked in the head. You ever thought about that?” Dude, the shelter is not a pet store. That is like shawshank for a golden retriever. Why don’t we just go down to the prison and rescue an inmate and just roll the dice that maybe the guy was wrongly convicted? Are you out of your mind? Fuck that. I want a brand-new 2009 bulldog, all right? I don’t want some 1995 half-a-labrador with part of its ear chewed off, you know? I’ve got to put together its backstory. Every time I go to use the toaster, it starts freaking out, because his last owner hung him from the ceiling fan every time the jets didn’t cover the over, you know? Dude, that’s an animal, man. That thing can kill you.
Dude, a rabid squirrel, how fast a squirrel is. If I was walking home at night minding my own business, but all of a sudden, some squirrel starting running at me, by the time I process like, “is that a rat? Is that mechanical?” that dude would be up my leg taking chunks out of the side of my head. I’d have to tell that story for the rest of my life in a bar. “Dude, what happened to the side of your head?” “A fuckin’ squirrel, all right? Christ, you don’t think I’m sensitive?”
No, I’m not trying to say all those dogs are bad down there, but what if I accidentally get one of those cujos or old yellers, right? I’m telling you, they love dogs down there so much, you’ve got to watch out what they tell you. I was down there. There was this one dog. This thing was staring at me so goddamned hard, maniac-looking dog. I’m like, “what’s up with this dog?” she was just like, “oh, he was chained to pallette in a junkyard his entire life.” And I’m like, “does it have any issues?” she’s like, “he’s a little aggressive.” It’s like, “well, were you gonna tell me that shit? Were you just gonna thrown it in my hatchback and let me figure it out on the ride home?” The thing’s pulling out a sharpened toothbrush to stick in my neck.
No, that’s what I’m saying. What if I accidentally get one of those crazy dogs, I get up at 2:00 in the morning to take a leak, and that is the exact moment its previous owner used to come home shit-faced, beat the crap out of the dog? I have no idea what I’m setting off. I’m sitting there shuffling along in my slippers, tying my robe. Meanwhile, the dog’s getting all amped up like, “fuck this shit, man. I promised myself I wouldn’t let this happen again. It’s time to man-up. Let’s do this on three. One, two, three.” Augh! It comes flying at me. I’m gonna be laying in the ground in a pool of my own blood. What are they gonna do with the dog? They’re gonna take him right back down to the pound like some sort of repeat offender. You’re gonna see him on the news in, like, shackles, like, shuffling along. “We knew you’d be back.” “Yeah, get me a milk-bone. Go fuck yourself.” You’re gonna wheel him in like Hannibal Lecter with that lamp shade around his neck. “Ahh, ahh, ah-ah-ah-ahh.”
Sarah McLachlan
Yeah, so we have, like, this stalemate, you know. I wanted the brand-new bulldog, you know, and she kept seeing that Sarah McLaughlin commercial, getting all sad, you know? Oh, they ought to get sued for false advertisement in that thing. I swear to God. They handpicked those dogs, the cutest little fuzzy… “I just want to play frisbee,” those cute little, innocent little Dr. Seuss-looking dogs. Where are the pit bulls? Where are the rottweilers? Where are those maniacs you see lifting weights down at the shelter? they’ve got the saddest-looking dogs ever, and she’s whining over the top of them. In the arms of an angel Whoo-whoo-whooo, boo-boo-boo Those dogs are looking all sad at the camera. “My last owner wasn’t a nice person.” The most ridiculous bandages, like they were in Saving Private Ryan, that Three Stooges rabbit ear. “I have a toothache.” Did Shemp own that dog? What happened? I love that when it’s all wrapped up like a mummy. It’s like, how? What, did it get hit by a cannonball during a civil war reenactment? Did a tyrannosaurus pick it up? “Ahh-ahh-ahh, poof,” spit it out.
My favorite one is that one-eyed pug. Oh, there’s a great dog. Yeah, bring that over to the kids. I’m sure that won’t freak them out at all. “Mommy, did you get us a dog?” “Arrgh, arrgh.” “Just let him sniff you. Just let him sniff you. Do not approach him from the right. Do not approach him from the right. Just let him sniff you. Come around. It becomes an entirely different animal when you do that. Just know you come from—come from the left. His name is Pooky. We’re gonna call him Pooky now.”

So she was into that. I wanted to get the bulldog. That was my thing. I was, like, I wanted to get the bulldog, but then i started researching on the bulldogs. They’ve got all these health problems, man. From day one, they can’t even breathe. They come out into the world. It’s like they’ve been working with asbestos their entire life, you know? It’s unbelievable. They can’t even breathe. You’ve got to have them sleeping upright in this lazy-boy rubbing Vicks vaporub on their chest. They’ve got, like, sleep apnea. They die nine times every night. Why don’t I just rescue a retired offensive lineman while I’m at it? “Yeah, this is Jim Jeffcoat. We’re gonna call him Larry for the rest of his life for some stupid reason.”
Hell Hound
Didn’t know what to do, so we were at a stalemate, so my girl did what most females do. They just figure, “I know it’s good for him. I know it’s gonna make him happy. I’m gonna make a major decision without him, and then he’s gonna deal with it.” Yeah, that’s how i got a dog. I got a dog when i was on the road. I was on the road, and I just had a message on my machine. It was just, “boop,” and it was her, and she’s just like, “um, okay, um, I did something, um, kind of involves both of us, but I think you’re gonna love it. Just give me a call. Okay, bye.” Now, does that sound like, “I just signed you up for a 12- to 15-year commitment”? That doesn’t sound like that, right? That sounds like, “I bought a new outfit, and I’m gonna drag you to some awful restaurant during a play-off game,” right?
That’s what it felt like, so I’m ready for that argument. She tells me she went out, and she got a dog. Now, half of me isn’t upset, you know, ’cause, “you got a rescue dog?” “Yeah, we have it for a week, and, you know, if you want to keep it, you can.” So I go, “let me see it,” so we started Skypeing, and she pans around. You know what she got? She got a pit bull. I swear to god. She got—I’m like, “you got a pit bull. Are you out of your fuckin’ mind? You got a pit bull?” she goes, “it’s not a pit bull. It’s a mix.” Mixed with what, another pit bull? Look at that thing. It looks like it’s been doing pull-ups its entire life.” It’s front paws were still taped up. It’s, like, shadowboxing in the background. It’s been p90xin’. It’s a pit bull. Jesus Christ. And she says, like, “no, he’s sweet.” She said, “no, she’s adorable,” and all this stuff.
Oh, this is the worst part. I wasn’t getting home for three days, you know, and she’s all wrapped up in this dog, you know, and I’m like, “I don’t get home for three days. What happens when I get home on Monday and you have to go to work?” She goes, “well, I just figured I’d drive to work, and you could just come home to the apartment and meet the dog that way.” I’m like, “are you out of your mind? I’m not coming home to that. That dog is bonding with you. It thinks you guys live there. I’m gonna come walking in and have my calf ripped off because I’m trying to show my name on the phone bill? No, it’s not going down like that.” So she’s like, “well, what do I do?” “I’ll tell you what you do. You take that hell hound, you put it in the goddamned car, drive it to work. Park in the shade. Do whatever you’ve got to do. I’m coming home to a safe house, and then you drive home with the dog. Call me when you’re a half-mile away. I’ll meet you and Cujo down in the driveway. We will all walk in together. I will be in the front to show that I am the pack leader, because I watched half an episode of the dog whisperer, and I think that that’s what you’re supposed to do, I think. I don’t know.
Oh, it’s all true, right? So I go down to the driveway, and I see the dog. It’s a beautiful dog. It’s literally, like, walking like a marine or some shit like it’s sneaking into something. And I’m like, “okay, here we go,” turning my back on a pit bull that I don’t even know that turns out they didn’t get it to shelter. They found it by the L.A. River. It lived by the L.A. River for two weeks, and my girl’s response to that was like, “isn’t that sad?” “No, it’s fuckin’ scary.” “Why is it scary?” “Well, obviously, it got enough protein, so it wasn’t eating berries out there. That thing was choking out coyotes, you know, breaking the necks of squirrels. I don’t know what it was doing, but it definitely was—you brought a murderer into the house. Why don’t you just rescue an alligator while you’re at it just to add to the excitement?”
So we get the dog in the damn house, and it’s exactly what I thought was gonna happen. The dog’s sitting there looking at her, and then it’s looking at me and then looking at her like, “who the hell’s the new guy,” right? The new guy is the guy paying the fuckin’ rent, and I was getting no respect, so I was just like, right there, I was just like, “I know what she’s doing. I know what she’s doing. She’s bringing this dog home, because she thinks I’m gonna fall for it, and then we’ll just have the dog.” And it’s just, like, I love animals, okay, but I’m not gonna live with one that can fuckin’ kill me, you know? Rescue a chihuahua, so when it flips out because i grabbed the remote too quickly, I can flick it off the goddamned table or something, you know?
So that’s what I was doing. We got it for a week. We got it for a week, and then we make our decision, so I just shut down emotionally. I was like, “fuck this dog.” The first two days, I didn’t give a shit, you know. The dog’s sitting there looking at me, you know, and I was just like, Jesus Christ, right, you know? Then on Wednesday, I don’t know what happened. I started to like it a little bit, you know? No, I was watching TV, you know. I always talk to myself. I’m always home alone. I feel like a maniac. I finally had somebody to bounce my ideas off. It was kind of nice, sitting there on TV, “you believe these goddamned bankers steal a trillion dollars, and they get a bonus—and they get a bonus?” The dog’s sitting there looking at me, you know. But I’m fighting it. “God damn it. I think I like this dog a little bit,” you know? It’s making me want to work out, you know? I asked it a question. “How do you get these muscles? What do you do for these, a wheel crank? What are you doing?”
And then by Thursday, you know, I’m getting out in the air. I’m walking the dog, and I’m like, “god damn it. I think I love this dog. This is fuckin’…” You know, I don’t know if you ever walked a pit bull. You owe to your life at some point in your life to walk a pit bull down the street. I’m telling you, it’s the greatest experience ever. People just get the fuck out of the way. It’s unreal. Three, four blocks away, they see me coming. They just immediately cross the street. It’s tremendous. I don’t know why black people complain about that. I love having the whole side of the street to myself. It’s great. I feel like a king. Oh, it’s awesome. It’s the greatest thing ever. Pit bulls are the shit. It’s like a gun you can pet. It’s the only way to describe it. It’s awesome. They make you want to p90x or something. Just get in better shape.
So then by Friday—I mean, by Friday, the dog was literally messing up my relationship. My poor girl is sitting on the couch by herself. I’m sitting there spooning with the dog. “Oh, this dog is awesome. This dog is awesome. Watch me get her leg going. Watch me get her leg going.” I don’t know what happened. In four days, I went from “fuck this dog,” to, “oh, my god. This thing is gonna die someday. How am I emotionally gonna be able to deal with it?” Oh, I love it, absolutely. I carry it around like a baby. Oh, it’s the greatest thing ever. You come home. It’s shaking his tail. It’s all excited, like, “dude, you’re fuckin’ awesome,” you know? It’s like, “dude, you have no idea how much I need that,” you know?
It’s tremendous, and you can’t appreciate how awesome a dog is as a kid. You can only do it as an adult. As a kid, there’s, like, no frame of reference. It’s, like, you’re a kid. Your whole life is awesome. It’s awesome, right? You ever think about being a kid? You had no money. You had no I.D., no cell phone, no nothing, no keys to the house. You just ran outside into the woods. You weren’t scared of nothing. I challenge you to do that as an adult, all your I.D., all your credit cards, just run out of the house, no phone, turn the corner, where you can’t see your house and not have a full-on panic attack, like, “oh, my god. What if something happens to me? I’ll get locked up. No one will know who I am. What if I twist my ankle?”
Your whole life is awesome as a kid, right? You show up, no money. You just get stuff, real cheese, movie tickets, right? Why wouldn’t a dog be awesome? Everything is awesome. It’s not till you’re an adult that you appreciate it, right? Your dreams start dying. Somebody cheats on you, right? Bankers fuck up up your 401 (k), you know, and then you come home, and that dog’s looking at you like, “dude, you’re awesome,” and it’s like, “no, dude, you—you are fuckin’ awesome. You are the shit.”
No, it’s the greatest thing ever, absolutely. No, it’s unreal. It’s unreal. But poor girlfriend. She’s sitting there going, “Jesus Christ, you love the dog more than you love me.” I was like, “well, sweetie, you’re not at the back door shaking your ass every time I come home.” It’s a really a tough—no matter what time, 4:00 in the morning drunk. The dog doesn’t give a shit. “Hey, that’s awesome. Whoo.”
Old Man Face
And I’m 41 years old, and if I’m lucky, you know what I realized? I’m halfway through my shit right now. I’m halfway through my life, so, you know, I’m getting nervous, you know, about dying, you know, just growing old, man. I was never really nervous about till I got to this age, and, you know—you know what it was? I went to my grandmother’s 100-year birthday party, and I quickly realized that women age a lot better towards the end, you know? Guys, we hang with them in the beginning, because we’re young, and then in the middle, they’re having kids, so we kind of pass them, but that end, that last third, we’re like the stock market. We just—we just go right down to the ground. It’s brutal.
I went to this party. All the old ladies there were unbelievably sharp. They were still playing cards. They were right there. But some of the old dudes, man, they were brutal, you know? You ever see a guy, like, so old, he has, like, that permanent look of horror on his face? You know what I mean? A couple of guys walked in. They looked okay. “How ya doin’?” Then there’s always that one guy that just comes walking in just like… dude, even when they’re sitting down meeting people. “And this is my grandson Bill.” It’s like, “dude, how much pain are you in that you constantly have a look on your face like that shit from the Ring just crawled out of your TV set?” Dude, that’s got to be— you’re, like, so old, like, everything hurts. You’re just standing up. You’re like, “Ahh, my feet.” You go to lean on something. “Ahh, my arm.” Even, like, blinking, like, air hurts. “Hee-aaaaahh.”
Dude, fuckin’ kill me. Kill me if I ever end up like that. Dude, I’ll fuckin’ kill myself. I’ll rock myself down a flight of stairs. I’ll lean back, hit my head on a sink, whatever I’ve got to do. I told you, I already think about killing myself twice a week at this age. There is no fuckin’ way I’m going out like that. At the end of my life, I’m walking around… And everyone else has that panicked, “oh, fuck. Is it going down?” Look on their face. I don’t know how you do it. How do you wake up every morning brushing your teeth? How do fight the urge to not just jam that toothbrush right down your throat?
I’ll tell you what kills me, was, only the old guys had that look on their face. None of the old ladies did. Some of the old ladies had a look of, like, mild disappointment, you know? Just sitting there like… you know, like they always wanted to go to Europe, but they never got around to it. But only the old guys had, like, that… dude, it was almost like they wanted to tell you a secret. Like, “where’s the gold?” “can you remember the combination?”
What is that? Somebody said it’s, like, a mild form of dementia or it’s, you know? You know what I think it’s from? I think it’s from being married for 60 years, getting nagged every day, and never once looking at your wife being like, “you know what? How about you shut the fuck up? How about that? Hey, I got it. You’re not happy. Well, then fuckin’ leave.”
Is it that, or do they, like, wear you down? I think they wear you down, because I know as a young man, I had a lot more spring in my step. Young guys, your girl gives you shit, you know, you can go for a drive. “Where’s this relationship going? This feels weird. We need to talk.” “Hey, fuck you, lady.” You get in the car and go for a drive, punch the ceiling a couple times. You scream out the window, “bitch,” you know? You get it out. You get it out before your face gets all twisted up. Get it out. Ah, I’m back to me. Yeah, yeah, all right.
Then what happens? What happens? You stay in the relationship. You stay in the relationship, right? You get married. 15 years later, you’ve got a couple of kids. You’ve got a little gut going, all right? She starts in on you with that whole laundry list of stuff you’ve got to do because you’re married. “Susie has ballet practice. It gets over at 2:00. Make sure you’re there at 2:00. You were there at 2:02 the other day, and she was very upset. No, you were. You were. I actually documented the record on my Facebook page and…” and you want to give her an uppercut. You want to give her an uppercut. No, it’s a natural thought. It’s a natural thought. But you don’t. You never lead with an uppercut. You set it up with the jab. You get inside. You come right up through the cleavage. You rock that head back. You send her right across the linoleum, take that dirty pistol out. You lay it next to her, wipe off the door handle.
No, I’m fuckin’ with you. No, you don’t do that. No, you don’t. You never hit a woman. You should never hit a woman. You’re gonna get caught. You’re gonna go to jail. You’re gonna get raped. It’s awful, you know. You don’t do that, right? But what do you do now? What are you gonna do now, right? You’re married, right? You can’t yell, ’cause your kids are there. You can’t go for a drive. You don’t have a cool car anymore. You’ve got, like, some caravan with those sticky children of the corn handprints all over the windshield. So what do you do? You go down in the basement, and you just do that, like, whisper yelling. Fuck this. Fuck this.
And then I think just one day, you’re just too old. You’re just too old. You’re tired. You’ve been married, like, 60 years. Your body’s breaking down. You blew your knee out at the “y” playing pickup ball, like, 30 years earlier in the 50-and-older league, you know, and you just want to watch the game, and she comes in that one last time, right, just to annoy you. Just picking on you. “And you were always mean to my mother, and I always resented you for it. Why couldn’t you have been more like your brother,” right? And you start to—”you know what? Fuck this. I’m not listening to this,” right? And you go to get up, and that’s when it hits you that they day before was the last day you had the quad strength to get up and out of your favorite chair, and that’s when the panic sets in. You’re like, “oh, shit. Dude, I can’t get up. Oh, my god. I’ve got to listen to this for the rest of my life.”
No, that’s what it is. That’s what it is. No, a lot of people don’t realize those old guys are actually trying to escape. That’s what they’re doing. Like, “is she looking? Am I gonna make it? Avenge meee!!!”
Listen, I’m out of time. You guys were awesome. Thank you so, so much for coming out. I really appreciate it. Thank you.
All right, thank you. Thank you very much. How are you? How’s it going? Thank you, thank you, thank you. Nice to be here. Nice to be here. Thank you. I appreciate it. Let’s see if I’m funny first. Let’s see if I’m funny.
Nice to be here in Nashville. Look at me. I went out and got myself a cowboy shirt. Right? To fit in with all you guys coming in from your ranches. Huh? Living out there in the barns. Is this what you’re doing? You’re like, “I’m working on an app, okay?” “To launch this website.” Um… Oh, shit. What a fucked-up time this is, huh? It’s so weird to tape a special right before a presidential election, especially one like this. Like, this is literally, like, “What is going to happen?” You know? How the fuck did we end up with these two? Jesus Christ. This is like the first week of American Idol. You know? It’s like, “Really? This is what I got?” “Take his coat! Take his coat!” Whatever the hell she’s doing. You know? It’s unbelievable. You’ve either got a racist dope or, like, the devil. Like, that’s the choices. “I just walk up and grab it! I just grab it!” All right. Is that what you do? Fucking lunatic. “I’m gonna build a wall. I’m gonna build a wall.” I love people thinking he’s actually gonna do that. Really? Are you gonna do that? You’re gonna build a wall from fucking California to Texas? You’re gonna do this? Have you ever done that drive? Because I’ve done that drive. Took the 10 East out of Los Angeles. That is a two-day drive, 80 miles an hour. Just wall, wall, wall. You’re in there like John Goodman in Raising Arizona… just driving. Like, how many times are you gonna go to Home Depot to build this thing? You actually think you’re gonna get this done? Look at the Freedom Tower. We actually wanted that shit and it took almost 15 years to get it done. Half the people don’t even want this fucking thing. I’m telling you, by the time they’ve finished it, this country will be so fucked up, we’re gonna be the ones going over it. “Dude, they got… they got real sugar!” “They got real sugar in their Coke!” “I heard, on the other side, the Orange Crush tastes like it did in 1978.” Remember that two-year period when it was actually delicious? Yeah. So you’ve got him and then you’ve got Hillary. Hillary’s just like a made guy. Just a made-fucking-guy. Everybody thinks, like, you know, she dresses like a real-estate agent. You know? Nothing to worry about. She’s a fucking made guy. She’s gonna give ’em the wars, she’s gonna microchip the babies, phase out the cash. She’s not gonna do it, but she’s gonna keep steering it in that direction. Privatizing water. Water’s not a basic human right. She’s gonna… go through the whole fucking thing, that psycho fucking thing that you do when you go after that kind of power. You’ve got to put it all over here in a little box, all your evil, as you’re just sitting there, fucking smiling, knowing what’s really going on. As you’re talking to Joe Sixpack. He puts his pants on one leg at a time. No, it’s so fucking, you know… It’s unreal. Like, I don’t know… These are the two worst choices ever. Trump, if he wasn’t… if he wasn’t so fucking racist… If he wasn’t so racist… I can deal with the pussy-grabbing. That’s not in my world. I’m selfish, like every other voter, all right? If he wasn’t so fucking racist… he would actually scare me a little less, because he’s so obviously a dope. He’s so dumb, I don’t think he could get away with anything. You know what he reminds me of? Have you ever watched Law & Order and they make an arrest, like, within the first 15 minutes, you know, and they’re trying to get you to think, “We got him!” You’re just looking at your watch. “There’s no way this guy did this shit.” “There’s, like, another 45 minutes left.” “This can’t be the guy. Who’s the real guy?” And that’s when fucking Hillary, she fucking comes walking in. Yeah, she goes to those Bilderberg meetings, you know, where they dress up like pheasants and they fuck each other. Right? Sacrifice some employee from a Best Buy. Fight over his name tag for a trophy. Right? Who do you pick? I’ve got no idea.
So I’ve just been, like, regressing. I can’t deal with this shit. I just want to hit pause. I don’t want this election to fucking happen, so I’ve just been regressing, and I’m just watching the dumbest shit I possibly can. You know, morning time, those stupid talk shows to get soccer moms’ day started. You know, they have all those non-thinking stories. “You love him. He’s your best friend. But did you ever wonder, what does your dog do when you’re not home?” “The next video may surprise you.” And I just… “Fill it up! Fill up my brain with this dumb shit! I don’t want to deal with what’s really going on.” “Nationwide heroin epidemic? Fuck that!” “It’s National Taco Day. We’ve got Tony from Tony’s Taco. Tony, what is it that makes a great taco?” “Well, it’s all about starting out with the tortilla.” Like, watching them making pancakes and all that shit. Talking to the ladies, talking about body issues. They always talk about body issues. That’s the dumbest one ever, when they talk about Hollywood. “Hollywood, they create these impossible body images. Blah-blah-blah.” You know, that whole thing. The plus-size actress. Right? The fatties. You know? That’s like a big thing. They’re sick of being treated like fat people. I don’t know what it is. They’re going on the cover of magazines now, just showing how fat they are, wearing a little amount of clothes, and everybody’s, like, hyping ’em up. Like, “Oh, my God. That’s so brave! That’s so courageous!” I’m not saying it doesn’t take balls, but that’s a bit of an overreach with the word “brave,” right? Like, what am I supposed to do if I ever see a fireman running out of a building carrying a baby and an old lady? Am I gonna sit there like, “Oh, my God! You’re like a fat actress that takes her shirt off to do a magazine shoot to promote the movie she’s in”? Now, look, I know you’re not supposed to make fun of fat people. I understand, all right? I don’t know why, though. Why? They’re not a race, they’re not a religion. It’s totally curable. Eat an apple and go for a walk, you know? Why are you yelling at everybody else? What the fuck are you giving me shit for? All right? You put the cookies in there! I didn’t! How is this my problem? Jesus Christ! You ate your way in, you can walk your way out. All right? And just slowly start shedding the pounds. Shove some fucking lettuce in there instead of a bunch of Ho Hos and it’s gonna come down, and then you’re on my side of the fence, right? Join me. Come on, say it with me. Shame! Shame! Right? I know you’re not supposed to shame. You’re not supposed to fat-shame, you’re not supposed to slut-shame. They’re, like, shaming shaming. People aren’t supposed to walk around with any shame. It’s a legitimate human emotion, but you’re not supposed to feel it at all. You’re supposed to just walk around like a dictator. You’re not gonna feel any shame? You’ve never felt shame? You never had such a bad fucking night, the next morning, you woke up, you couldn’t even look in the mirror? When you brush your teeth, you looked up. You’re like, “Oh, you fucking piece of shit. Wow! Wow! Even for you, that was bad. Lights out, curtains drawn, until at least two in the afternoon, before I can even look at you, you fucking piece of shit!” Yeah, you’re supposed to have no shame? That’s the new world? You’re just gonna walk around, sucking dick, you know, eating cookies, and just show up, and nobody’s supposed to say anything? No one’s supposed to have an opinion? “Well, that’s gonna go off the rails pretty soon.” I know, it’s probably mean to do this stuff, but, like, you can only have so much sympathy. There’s so much stuff you can care about. You know what happened to me that changed my life? I did a gig in India. Right? Unbelievably great people, but some of the stuff I saw, I’ll never forget. Literally, I did a gig in India, I saw a toddler take a shit between two parked cars, walked away, no pants or parents, and then disappeared into the crowd like Hannibal Lecter at the end of Silence Of The Lambs. It’s one of the most heartbreaking things I’ve ever seen in my life. And then I come back to my country and it’s like, “The studio said I have to lose 15 pounds to star in a movie.” Well, then start running, you fat fuck! That’s your big complaint in life? You know what it is about these fatties? Do you know what it really is? They have no respect for the amount of sacrifice and dedication it takes to truly get in, like, magazine-level shape, which is the… You ever try to get abs? You ever tried to get all the abs down here? You ever tried to do it? It’s fucking impossible! Past the age of 19, you can’t do it without tons of help. You’ve got to buy all these exercise tapes, you’ve got to read about nutrition, you’ve got to get a personal trainer having you fucking running along. You need your own chef. “Okay, don’t eat it yet. All right, now eat it. Start consuming it. All right, stop. Slow down. Stop. Stop. Spit it out! Spit it out! I told you to stop! Get on the elliptical! You liked that Brussels sprout?! Did you like that?! ‘Cause now you’re paying for it!” It’s a fucking miserable experience. Just walking around and your whole body’s eating yourself. “Do you want some cake?” “No. No, I’ll just take a salad. Balsamic vinaigrette on the side. No croutons. Oh, my God! When is the photo shoot? I want to kill myself.” It’s horrible. Have you ever tried to get fat? No. You don’t have to. It’s effortless. You can fucking lay on your back, watching your favorite show, just shoveling shit down your throat. “What are you doing?” “I’m getting fat. I’m getting fat.” “You got a trainer?” “Don’t need one. It’s natural. I just eat everything that makes my sugar/salt go like, ‘Yeah! Whoo! Yeah!’ It comes right in, a nice roll of fucking flab.” No, it’s ridiculous. I know nobody wants to be fat, so I’m not shitting on anyone. But don’t fucking come at me like it’s my problem, and I need to fucking rewire myself. No. You’re overweight, okay? There’s plenty of things that can help you out.
Everybody’s got something to deal with. I’m a fucking lunatic with my temper. This is something I have to deal with. I do. You know? You, you can’t fucking stop eating pork chops. That’s something you fucking deal with. I don’t have to completely rewire myself. You know, it’s just a bunch of sixes pissed off that they’re not getting treated like a ten, you know? At some point, you’ve just got to acknowledge what you are. You’re a six. I’m sorry, all right? Nobody jerks off to a six. That’s the deal. Unless you work with her. If you work with her, you know, she’s got that one outfit, you know, it just does something for you. You work in close quarters, so you know what her shampoo smells like. There’s an intimacy. There’s an intimacy there. All right? I don’t know what women rub one out to, but I know it ain’t me! All right? This is a fantasy. That’s why I don’t feel bad about trashing ’em. It’s like, yeah, this is all coming from… I’m a strong five, all right? That’s where I am, so I still feel like I’m punching up here. You know? Honestly, people, I’m a bald red-headed male. You don’t think there’s a glass ceiling on the kinds of parts I can get in Hollywood? Really? Do you think I’m ever gonna be the lead in a romantic comedy? That ain’t happening, even if I’m booking the movie. I want to make the money back. That’s the thing, it’s show business. There’s $1 million on this film, okay? We’re trying to make fucking money. You just want to show up with fucking crumbs on the side of your face? Show up in shape, looking as fuckable as possible, know your lines. Ready to work. It’s called being a professional, right? Dude, Ben Stiller had abs in Meet The Parents! There was no reason for him to do that. He just knew, “I’m gonna take my fucking shirt off. I don’t want to get trashed.” He was shredded. Yeah, go be a fucking postman. I mean, I don’t know what to tell you. No, this is just the ramblings of someone who’s sliding into the back nine of his life, and I’m not understanding half the shit that’s going on, you know?
You know, one of the big things that really made me feel old was when McDonald’s started making salads. That literally ripped my heart out. I’m like, “They’re doing what?” Now they have wraps and they’re doing all of this shit. You know what it was? Out-of-shape people complained to them. “You don’t have any healthy options.” It’s like, “Dude, this is McDonald’s! This shit is poison! Who the fuck comes here to get in shape?” Whenever I get McDonald’s, I have a whole plan. At my age, I’m 48 years old, I know what I’m gonna order. I’m gonna go in there, it’s gonna taste great. Twenty minutes later, I’m gonna want to kill myself. And then I’m gonna go, “I’m going to the gym tomorrow.” And no matter how much I say that, I woke up the demon in me. I woke up the demon, and all that grease is just coursing through my veins. And no matter how much I want to go to the gym, this other voice is going, “Dude, get an Egg McMuffin. Go down there and get an Egg McMuffin.” And I’m gonna sit up like the Manchurian Candidate. “We’re going to McDonald’s.” My in-shape voice is in the back, going, “No! What are we doing?! Go to the gym!” And I’m just… gonna drive right down. Right? I know what it is. But somehow out-of-shape people somehow made them… They’re to fucking blame. They had to have healthy shit ’cause they’re why everybody’s fat. How come they have to do it? What about Ben & Jerry’s? How come they don’t have to put kale in their ice cream? Why is that? “Oh, they’re a couple of hippies, man. They’re, like, making ice cream.” They’re going after big, bad McDonald’s. You know, it’s just… Who the fuck goes to McDonald’s to get in shape? And don’t give me that horseshit that eating healthy is expensive. It isn’t. Go to a fucking supermarket. They’re throwing the vegetables at you. “Here’s celery. Get it the fuck out of here! Seventy cents! Twenty-five cents for a banana! Whatever the fuck you want! Get it out of here… before it goes bad!” No, it’s fucked up. They somehow convinced them that… You know? “McDonald’s is the reason why I’m out of shape.” “I would have got a salad, but you didn’t have the option, so I was like, “Well, I guess I gotta get 52 Big Macs.” “Thanks a lot, McDonald’s!” It’s like, “Dude, you’re an adult. It’s not their job to babysit you. They’re a fucking business. If you order 50 sandwiches, they’re gonna give it to you. It’s your job to not do it, you fucking dope.” Right? I know. Sorry. I know. Yeah. Dude, McDonald’s… McDonald’s exists for two reasons, okay? It’s for drunk people and it’s for children. All right? That’s what this thing is. You know? You’re in your car, your kids won’t shut the hell up, you go to the drive-through. You go to the drive-through, you get a couple of poison burgers, you throw it down their throats. Their little systems can’t handle it. They start… They start nodding off. And you’re up front, you’re bigger. You can handle a bigger dose of poison. Do you know what I mean? Pop in your Def Leppard cassette and you have a little moment for yourself. Yeah. That’s what it’s for. It’s for your kids and it’s for drunk people.
How many times have you driven out to a bar going, “I’m just gonna have one.” All of a sudden, you had, like, 11, right? And you’re hammered, and you’re thinking… You know, but you’re responsible. You’re drunk but you’re responsible. You’re like, “Goddamn it, I drove my car here tonight… goddamn it, I’m driving it home.” All right? “I’m not gonna burden this place of business by taking up a parking space in this completely empty parking lot for the next six hours.” Now, I am not advocating drinking and driving, but I will tell you, there’s nothing better than when all your friends and family know you’re hammered… There’s nothing better than that walk to the car. It’s incredible. Women are screaming, people tearing at your clothes. You feel like you’re in the Beatles. “Oh, my God! No! Stop him!” You’re like, “No autographs. I’m sorry. I have to go. I’ll be back. Just… get ’em off me!” Then you get in the car and everybody’s screaming. “Get in the fucking car! You’re fine! I had the car eight years. I know… I can almost see my house. Just get in the fucking car. You’re gonna make the cops come! Get in the fucking car. I swear to God, just get in the fucking car. Oh, take your seat belt off, you fucking Mary. I’m going right down the street.” Right? And then what happens? You get out on the road, you realize you’re way more hammered than you thought. Who was always there for you? McDonald’s with the drive-through. The 24-hour drive-through. You could just pull in and hide in plain sight, right? And that little sad traffic jam of divorcees, shut-ins, people who go to Comic-Con, right? You just pull in… and just stop. You can take a little nap. It’s like… “Thank you! Thank you! Right.” You’d pull around. That’s what it was all about. And now, all of a sudden, they’re the reason this country’s out of shape, you know? They’ve had McDonald’s my whole life. People weren’t this fucking fat, right? It’s not their fault. You can’t pin it on ’em. But McDonald’s fucked up. They fucked up, because they gave in to out-of-shape people, and they said, “All right, fine, it’s our fault. We’ll start making salads.” And then they got on their heels. They got on their heels, everybody sensed it, and now look at them. Okay? Four or five years later, now they got to make breakfast all day. Right? Because you know what happened. All the potheads showed up. “Hey, man, if you’re gonna make him a salad, like… like, what if I want, like, a breakfast thingy and it’s not breakfast? Like…” “You’re gonna hook him up, but you’re not gonna hook me up? That’s, like, food racism or something, man. I just don’t understand.” They’re like, “Fine! We’ll start making breakfasts.” They just completely lost their way. I swear to God, dude, if I was running that corporation, this is what I would do. I’d bring that clown back. All right? I’d bring the clown back, okay, and I’d just have that thing just look right down the barrel of the camera, have a little bit of dry ice in the background. You come right in tight on his face. He just looks right in the camera and goes, “Look… if you can’t get your fat ass down here… by 10:30 in the morning… you’re getting a burger.” “All right?” “No. No. The clown ain’t finished!” “I’m not making pancakes at three o’clock in the afternoon because you did blow all night with your friends and you’re just getting your shit together, all right? Make no mistake, this is a burger joint. It’s always been a burger joint. We did that breakfast thing as a favor. We were just trying to freak out IHOP. ‘Oh, we’re doing it, too! We’re doing it, too!’ Your own mother won’t make you pancakes at three o’clock in the afternoon, okay? So get your fat ass or your drugged-up ass down here before 10:30. We decide. It’s our place. We tell you what the fuck we’re making, all right?” That’s it. Take him out, then he pushes a kid on a swing. Something nice. So… Anyways, by the time this special comes out, another election will have come and gone, and it’s just… God knows who we picked. It’s another one, they’re not gonna fucking talk about anything. The oceans are dying. They just said the Great Barrier Reef is dead. You know? Genetically altered food. There’s too many fucking people. I don’t even know… They’re just talking about a bunch of shit. You know? Bruce has to drop a deuce. Where is he gonna go? Which bathroom should this guy use? I don’t give a shit. This guy has enough money to literally have a porta-potty rickshaw running behind him. How are you going to eliminate… a couple billion fucking people? Do you ever think about that shit? You know, they never talk to us about it. You know they do behind closed doors. A bunch of creepy dudes all sitting around some giant table. Right? They probably talk about it then. Just sitting down after, like… “I trust everyone had their fun?” “Let’s get down to the task at hand. There are over 7.5 billion people on the planet. We’re running out of fresh water. There won’t be enough chicken… to feed the others. Does anyone here have any suggestions… on how to eliminate the pressures of the undesirables?” “Ah, yes, you. Number four. You may speak.” “Well, you know, what uh… What if we, like, slowly cooked ’em at the airport? You know? Just throwing it out there. What if you had a revolving-door-looking thing, you made ’em take their shoes off, they got in and they stood up like that? And you just radiate ’em from head to toe… once on the way out, once on the way back.” “Oh, yes. Yes! I like that. I like the sound of that. And how would that work? Would you have it on low at first, sear them like a tuna steak? They don’t understand. You let the children go. We’ll use them for slaves later, right? No old people. They’ll die soon. Just people in the prime of their life. And gradually, over the years, you increase it and they start frothing at the mouth. They don’t recognize their children. The property comes back to us!” “Oh. I trust everyone at this table flies private?” Dude, my wife thinks I’m out of my mind because I think shit like that. But I think I’m right. Dude, I know they think about it. I know they think about it, because I think about it. Every time I land in a city and it’s two o’clock in the afternoon, I’m just driving down the street and I’m in the middle of a fucking traffic jam, that inner Mussolini comes out of me, right? Like, “What are all these people doing in my road?! They must be eliminated!” I don’t know. Like, how do you not fucking bring it up? It’s ’cause it would freak everybody out, you know, that you have to start maybe taking some measures… to start thinning out the herd. Do you feel that? That’s right. That’s right, yeah. And what do you think, dude? You think you’re gonna… You think you’re in the fucking upper tier? You’re in the… You’re in the luxury boxes, yeah? You spend a lot of time with yourself. You’re doing a lot of nodding. “I like what I think. I like what I think a lot. What I think is the way it should be.” I understand what that’s like. I live this fucking isolated life, man. I go on the road, I’m in green rooms, and I just fucking, you know… I’m just by myself all the time. You slowly go fucking crazy. I did a gig recently. I was in Ireland and I was in the green room by myself. I went to turn on the light. It was one of those pull switches. It wound up around itself, looked like a little noose. I immediately thought, “What if I stuck my head in there and just…” “and just turn the lights out?” literally and figuratively. I was not thinking about killing myself at all. The second I thought, “What if I just fucking did that?” And then I looked in the mirror, I caught my eye and we both laughed. Yeah. I had this wonderful little moment with myself. No words needed to be spoken. You know? Yeah. So I think about the population all the time, as you can tell. On my specials, I’m always talking about it. I think I got the plan, ’cause I know… No. Wait until you hear the plan first, ’cause a lot of people are gonna die. Before you start hootin’ and hollerin’. Everybody thinks they’re gonna fucking make it, right? This is how you do it. Well, this is how I would do it. First of all, you’ve got to become a dictator, okay? Because it’s too late to be like, “Hey, man, maybe just have a couple…” It’s too fucking late. Someone’s got to have the balls to take out the sickle… and start chopping some heads. So, here’s my idea. I become dictator. Obviously you’ve got to murder everybody in power, right? From the head all the way down to their goldfish, you’ve got to kill everyone in the family so they don’t come back for their revenge, like in Godfather II or every karate movie you’ve ever seen, right? You’ve got to do it the way the Russians did, where you don’t find the skulls for 100 fucking years. That’s the way you do it. Then you take control of the media. I keep all of you guys media blacked out. You don’t know what’s going on unless I want you to know it, right? Big pictures of me. You’ve got to sing songs about me. If there’s no passion in it, a black van pulls up and you’re never seen from again. All right? I figure three to six months of that, everybody gets on the same page, and that’s when I’d start thinning it out. This is how I would do it. I would just start randomly sinking cruise ships. Just hear me out. It’s the way to go. It’s the way to go. You get 2,500 to 3,000 people a whack. And I think it’s a really good mix of people to get rid of. You know? Think about the kinds of people that take a cruise. These aren’t forward thinkers. These aren’t seekers. They’re not pivotal to our survival. You ever hear somebody coming back from a cruise? It’s one of the worst stories you’re ever gonna hear. Because they don’t do shit. They don’t want to travel to another country, interact with a new culture, try to figure out the train system or the money. All they want to do is just sit on a fucking boat. Just drinking. That’s all they want to do. Right? Worst story you’ll ever hear. “Hey. How was your cruise?” “Oh, it was great. I was fucking laying there. There was a DJ over here on the one-and-the-two wooka-wooka thing. Right? And then they had this chocolate fountain. It was like a fountain, but it was chocolate! And you stuck the toothpick in the food, and you stuck it in the chocolate, and you stuck it in your mouth.” Then, ‘I want another drink!’ Then they bring it, you drink it, it dribbles down and it gathers in your navel. You punch yourself… to get it in your mouth.” Then, every day around noon, we line up for lunch. What’s for lunch? We don’t know. We don’t make decisions. Whatever they give us. I like all-inclusive, you just have to think once. Can I write that number on this piece of paper? All right, tell me where to go.” I’m telling you, if you guys could just get past the humanity of what I am suggesting… If you could just get past it and maybe lose a couple of friends here or there… I am telling you, you wouldn’t miss them. You know when you’d miss ’em? When you went to a baseball game and there wasn’t those 100 people in the upper deck trying to get the wave going. Right? You wouldn’t have people getting mad ’cause someone’s sitting during a song, like, “That’s offensive to me, even though I don’t know the issue!” Right? Nashville, a little pull back on that one. A little pull back. It’s about police brutality. It has nothing to do with you and your beautiful white world, and mine, right? Just let it go. I don’t give a fuck if you watched every episode of McHale’s Navy. This is still not about you. It’s not a military issue. I’m telling you, you wouldn’t fucking miss ’em. And this is the deal, all right? I wouldn’t just give the order to start sinking these cruise ships and then retire to my chambers with my mistresses and my whores. Right? Just banging away, wearing the whole uniform. The whole dictator uniform. Everything except for the pants. Right? Compression socks with sock garters, just banging away. My honorary medals just clanging off my chest. The big thing is to see how long I could fuck and keep the hat on. Like, “Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!” No, you can’t do that. That brings resentment amongst your men. You’ve got to lead them into battle, and I would. I would. I’d have my own sub. All right? I’d have my own sub and I would hunt these cruise ships on a moonlit summer night. That’s right. On a moonlit summer night, when sound carries. You know, those summer nights when your neighbor’s talking about you. He doesn’t think you can hear him. You’re on your porch. “Is that how it is?” “So that’s how it is, right?” One of those nights. And I’d be a sport about it. I’d surface before I did it. I’m armed, they’re not. It’s only fair, right? If they see me, I give them a little wink, a little nod. I’d have a little Red Baron class. “All right, get the fuck out of here.” Right? But if you didn’t see me, it would be game on. And every moonlit summer night, every summer I would go out to harvest. That would be the deal. I would just surface. “And listen for the music, yeah?” “Fire one.” “Dude, look at my arms in this tank top.” And then you cruise over, you strafe all the survivors. “Bring it around!” That would be it. Twenty-five hundred to 3,000 less people. And you know what’s the greatest thing? It’s all underwater. All the evidence is gone. All the evidence is gone. Every mass murderer throughout time has fucked up. They did it on land. You’re gonna get caught. Where are you gonna put all of that, right? You do it out to sea. It all goes under, you know? Nobody knows. “I don’t know what happened. I have no idea.” No evidence. No evidence. Maybe… Maybe, like, a flip-flop, right? Like an Ed Hardy shirt just… floating by. I’m controlling the media and nobody knows about it, right? And as I sank the ships, I would be building exact replicas at the same time, right? So I’d be eliminating people while creating jobs.
You guys have no fucking idea what’s going on. All of you just realize, like, “Wow, man, the traffic’s easing up. I’m getting into third gear at five o’clock at night. This is crazy! I don’t know what’s going on, but this Bill guy’s all right. Another buddy of mine got a job building ships. Can you fucking believe that? That industry, it’s just blowing up. It’s crazy. Dude, I want to get a job down there. They pay great. You know, make a little extra money. Who knows? Maybe you and me take a cruise. We’d have a good time, right? Get out there.” That’s how it would work. That’s how my ethnic cleansing would work. It wouldn’t be based on race or religion. It would just be based on people dumb enough to think that taking a cruise is actually travelling. Technically, you’re travelling, but what are you seeing? Just a bunch… “Look at the water! Oh, my God! You can tell that’s the Atlantic Ocean. That definitely does not look like the Pacific Ocean.”
So… Yeah, look, admittedly, I’m a fucking psycho. And uh… Oh, yeah. Dude, I have dreams… I had a dream two years ago that still haunts me. You know? You ever have one of those dreams where you think you woke up but didn’t? You’re just sitting up and it feels like… I had one of those dreams, right? So I just sat up in bed, and I looked over, and there was a little girl in the corner. No idea who she was. She was, like, three, four years old. And she was talking to me, but I couldn’t understand what she was saying. She was standing in the corner, going… I was like, “What?” “What did you say? I… I can’t hear you, sweetheart. You’ve got to come closer.” She walked halfway to the bed. She was nodding her head, going… Big, like, The Grudge eyes. I’m just… “You’ve got to come closer.” She walks up to the bed. I was like, “I couldn’t hear you, sweetheart. What did you say?” And she just nods and just goes, “You’re gonna kill yourself.” I just sat up, like… I’m like, “No, I’m not! No, I am not!” My wife wakes up. “What’s the matter?” “I just had the most scary dream I’ve ever had in my life! It was horrible!” She’s like, “Was I in it?” “No, you self-centered jackass! Jesus Christ! Not everything is about you, sweetheart. I love you, but it’s not all about you. Now, shut up. I’m gonna…” I tried to go to sleep in the same position so I’d run into that little girl again, so I could, “Look, you little shit, you don’t go around saying that to people!” Now, I’m not gonna kill myself. I don’t know what that dream meant, because you dream in metaphors, man. You know? I don’t know. It just freaks me out, though, you know? It disturbs my wife and shit. But there is one good thing about being a psycho. You know, a great thing about being a psycho is you can spot another psycho from a mile away. You know? That’s a really great thing. I can spot ’em. You know, it’s in the eyes. Never look at the costume. Nice people look at the costume. They’ll see somebody in, like, dad jeans, you know, pushing their kid on the swing, the whole nerdy sweater. “Hey! How are you doing? Can you believe the summer’s already over? I mean, this is crazy, right? Oh, this one here has got me running around, you know? She’s running the house! She’s running the house.” People are always like, “Oh, my God. He’s so nice. Such a great family man.” And I’m just sitting, thinking in my head, dude, that guy is a fucking psycho! He’s a psycho! Look at his eyes. You don’t see that? That dude is barely hanging on! He is white-knuckling it through all the shit he thinks he’s supposed to do. All that fucking guy needs, all he needs, he just needs a little nudge. That’s it, just a little nudge. You have no idea what that guy’s capable of. I would not want to see the hard drive of that man’s computer, I’m telling you.
Yeah, so I do it all the time. I’m pretty good at picking out psychos, and it drives my wife nuts. I remember she was one of the first people that got into Kanye West, right? The great Kanye West. Everybody loves him and stuff, right? Oh, shut up. Jesus Christ. Why did I come to Nashville? “Boo! It’s a black artist! You’re bringing it up in the Ryman. What the fuck? It’s the Grand Ole Opry, man! It’s not MTV Raps!” But I’m stereotyping you. I’m acting like ’cause you’re from the South, you’re racists, like all the racists are just down here. That isn’t true. You know, they’re all over the place. It’s just different degrees. Right? Like, me, I’m racist, like, at the end of the day. Like, I’m a great fucking guy, I don’t give a shit who you are in the morning. You’re eating your cereal. “Hey! How are you? What’s going on?” But as the sun starts to go down and the fear starts coming up, that’s when you start thinking the worst of people, right? I know, nobody’s gonna be honest. I don’t give a fuck who you are. Twelve, midnight, in a parking garage by yourself, whatever is walking at you, there’s no happy thoughts. You’re not thinking, “Oh, that guy, he’s probably uh… he’s probably building a website and…” You’re not thinking that. That dude’s gonna cut me up, eat me. Whatever he doesn’t eat, he’s gonna fuck. That is what you think, right? All right? But if you do that at night, that’s normal, I think, because it’s fear. It’s the people at breakfast that are already just sitting there, like, “Fucking Jews!” You know, that’s when you’ve got an issue. So… So, anyway… I’ve just got to do this. When you talk about race and that shit as a white dude, you’ve got to go easy. You know, because very easily it starts feeling like a meeting. You know? Whenever I start hearing, like, “Yeah! All right! Whoo!” That’s when I go, “I’ve got to pull back. People aren’t seeing what I’m saying. I wore a country shirt. Things are getting a little off the rails here.” Can I get back to Kanye West? Half of you have probably downloaded his shit. All right? All right, here we go. So, my wife got freaked out because… Early on, she was loving the guy. And I was thinking he was cool. Then, one day, I saw him do an interview. He was talking shit about how great he was, and there was just this look that was in his eye, and it just made me nervous. I’m like, “Dude, this guy is uh… This guy is, like… This guy is volatile, man. There’s something with this guy. He’s making me nervous. This guy is, like, right on the edge of, like, snapping, right?” She goes, “You’re out of your mind.” I was thinking, “I don’t know. I think this guy is fucked up.” Then I was convinced, because one day I came walking in, she was listening to him do an interview, and I didn’t know it was him. He was talking about how great he was, and I came walking in, and all I did was hear this shit. And, like, literally, a chill ran down my spine, and I just started thinking, like, “No! No! No!” And I turned, and I looked. Before it even registered that it was Kanye, my first thought was, “Oh, thank God. Oh, thank God. It’s just a black guy.” “Thank God! It’s just a black guy.” Yeah, I know, you’re right to pull back. It’s right to get awkward, you don’t know where this could go. This could very easily go in a Klan-ish direction, okay? So just let me clarify. Just hear me out. I’m thinking, “Thank God it’s a black guy,” meaning, “Thank God that ego that is in him…” When that thing floated down from the heavens, or the cosmos, whatever the hell Joel Osteen shit you believe… All right? When that thing was floating down, it could have landed in anybody. Thank God… it landed in a black guy. Thank God it got wrapped up in that, trapped within that. It’s safe in there. No reason to worry when it’s in there, because if that ego, however, had floated down… and landed in a blue-eyed white dude, there is no telling the damage that could have been done. You’re talking entire civilizations wiped out… worldwide famine, the moon colliding with the Earth. Thank God that ego landed in a black guy. Because he’s just as nuts as some of the craziest white dudes of all time, he just doesn’t have the opportunity to follow through with the madness. Right? Yeah, there’s a glass ceiling on evil. You never noticed that? Dude, go home, put on the History channel. Like, the top nine out of ten most batshit-crazy dudes who ever walked the earth are all white dudes. Now, why is that? Because white dudes are more evil than anybody else? It’s a possibility. It’s a possibility. We’ve definitely got the numbers. But I think it’s different. You know what it is? Nobody’s watching white dudes. Right? White dudes, too many of ’em gather and somebody pulls up, “All right, break it up! Keep it moving! Get out of here!” Getting pulled over for no fucking reason, none of that shit. You’re a white dude. It’s just an open field. Anything you think, “Hey, I’m gonna do that.” No one’s stopping you. You just… You just start running. Next thing you know, you’re handing out buttons, you’ve got your own uniform. You’re starting a fucking war, right? All Kanye West is allowed to do is fuck up an award show every three to four years. Make a public service announcement a little awkward for Mike Myers. That’s as far as he’s ever gonna get. I know, I know. You don’t believe me. Dude, okay, next time Kanye’s going off on himself, I’m telling you, just close your eyes, forget it’s him and really listen to what is coming out of this guy’s mouth. He says shit like, “I’m a genius.” “I’m a god. I’m Shakespeare.” “My biggest regret is I’ll never get to see myself perform live.” That’s a direct quote. “My biggest regret is I’ll never get to see myself perform live.” Dude, you put that ego in a white dude, then it’s… “and the blitzkrieg, and the superior race!” “Vienna will return to Deutschland first!” No, I’m telling you. But we’re okay. We’re okay. It’s in a black guy. Nothing’s gonna happen. You never noticed that shit? Crazy black guys, as far as they can get, they can just freak people out in the subway. They can stand on a street corner with their book and their friends, just yelling about white people. “These people got tails! The motherfuckers got tails! They’re evil!” You just cross the street. That’s it. In a perfect world, Hitler never would have made it past the subway level. That’s as far as he ever would have got. You would have been on the train. “What are you gonna do tonight?” “Play a little fantasy football.” The door would just open. He’d come walking through. “And they should have the blue eyes and the blonde hair, and the pubes like the sun!” And you’re just sitting there. “Just ignore him. Let him pass through. Let him pass through.” And he’d just walk into the other part of the train. Literally, a world war just passing through. But he was a white dude, no one watched him and his hair was flopping around, and nobody gave a fuck. All right? So that’s kind of like the weird lesson… that I learned with Kanye West. You know? Like, every once in a while, racism works. Like, 99.9 per cent of the time, it’s the ugliest thing we do to one another, but every once in a while we get lucky and that marble, it just rolls into the right hole and we get off easy. We got off easy with that guy.
I’ve got to commend you guys. You did well with the Hitler reference. You did all right. Nothing quiets a room like dropping the H-bomb. You bring up Adolf Hitler, it gets fucking quiet, to this day. This dude, fucking, he died, like, what, 75 fucking years ago, allegedly. You know? Some think he went down to South America… “And why are they so brown?” for the rest of his life. At this point, even if he lived, he’s fucking dead, right? We can go with that, right? But still, to this day, though, even though he died let’s say 75-fucking-years ago, he’s still the benchmark for evil. Have you ever noticed that? He is the reference. Any time you want to say somebody’s evil, you just say, “He is the next Hitler.” “Donald Trump, he’s the next Hitler.” “Saddam Hussein, he’s the next Hitler.” It’s always, “He’s the next Hitler,” okay? I don’t know what the fuck they used to say before Hitler came around, right? “He’s the next Genghis Khan.” “He’s the next Napoleon.” I don’t know, Ivan the Terrible. I don’t know what they said. But whatever they used to say, he wiped them all out. He was so fucked up, it’s like what they did didn’t even exist any more. All right? It’s like when Michael Jordan came into the NBA. He was so fucking good… he wiped out everyone. No one ever goes, “He’s the next Dr. J.” “He’s the next Wilt.” No one says that. It’s always, “He’s the next Mike.” Right? Adolf Hitler is the Michael Jordan of evil. He is. Like, Nike literally should have made him a sneaker, like a giant fucking boot. You know, it’s all stiff around your knees so you get that walk going down. Right? Like, if there was an evil hall of fame, you’ve got to put Hitler in. He’s first-ballot hall-of-fame evil. Okay? Undeniable stats. He’s got the career numbers. You know? Six to nine million dingers, you’re getting in. You’re getting in. People, its a sports analogy. I’m not advocating what the man did. Can we all be adults here? All right? Am I gonna be on a split screen tomorrow morning with some blogger? On some Good Morning, Nashville show. “Comedy: Can it go too far? Last night at the Ryman Theater…” “making fun of fat people, sinking cruise ships was all fine. Suddenly, it took a horrible, horrible turn. Fortunately, local blogger Maggie Maggenhall was on the scene. Maggie, can you describe what you were subjected to… during last night’s horrible rant?” “Well, first of all, everybody that knows me knows I have a great sense of humor. I think this is funny, I think that is funny, but that, last night, that was not funny.” It always goes down like that. They always have to establish what a wonderful sense of humor they have. No, it’s a sports analogy. Okay? Six to nine million. He got all of that one! He had power from both sides of the plate. He’d have his own fucking wing. Okay? But this is what kills me about Hitler. Killed six to nine million people. Meanwhile, Stalin killed 20 to 25 million, basically over the exact same period, okay? Yet, he cannot get arrested in the conversation of most fucked-up dude who ever walked the planet. It’s always, “He’s the next Hitler. He’s the next Hitler.” Well, how many fucking people do you have to kill just to get a little shout-out, a little tip of the cap? “What do you think of this guy?” “He’s the next Hitler.” How about, every once in a while, “This guy’s a little Stalin-esque”? “I see a little Jo-Jo in this guy.” Right? He almost tripled his fucking numbers. He gets brought up like he was a backup! Why don’t his kills count? Does anybody… Anybody, why doesn’t his fucking kills count? I don’t get it. Is it because he just looked like some regular guy, your neighbor? You know, driving a little John Deere. “I just killed a million Ukrainians.” He just drives around his yard. Is that what it is? I think it is. Hitler just… I don’t know, he just looked the part. He’s like… From central casting, you couldn’t pick a more evil-looking dude. Like, go home tonight, google pictures of Adolf Hitler. Get put on the same watch list that I’m on, all right? I’m telling you, there’s not one cute picture of that guy his whole life. It’s just all pure evil. There’s no, like, teenage boy-band years, like… You google a picture of Adolf as a baby. You look at that thing, you’re like, “Dude, drown that fucking thing! Drown it! Take it down to the river, stick it under a rock. If you don’t do it, I’m gonna fucking do it. I swear to God, it’s looking at me. I would kick it right in its baby chest… and feel no guilt whatsoever.” Dude, Hitler is actually so evil, he actually makes me want to learn how to speak German. You know what I mean? I just want to know, what the fuck was he saying to those people? Every speech. He’s so clearly out of his fucking mind. It’s got to be what he’s saying. What the fuck did he say? There’s no way he said what he planned on doing from the get-go. Some unknown candidate, right, early on… “Okay, our next speaker coming to the stage…” “to possibly run Deutschland for the foreseeable future. His name is um… Oh, dear. I left my glasses backstage. Is that Alan? Is it Alan? Oh, Adolf. Adolf, okay. Oh, okay, okay. Whoa. This guy’s got a bee in his bonnet. Okay, please welcome Adolf Hitler. You got three minutes, buddy.” “And I’m going to kill millions of people! I know what they should look like… The eyeballs a centimeter apart! I have the outfits for the rest of the people!” Dude, you can’t come out of the gates… talking to a crowd like that. You’re gonna freak ’em out. You can’t go that hard in the beginning. You know? You can do that in the woods with a couple of drinking buddies. Freaking people out. “Hey, Matt, relax. There’s girls here. Jesus Christ.” “I think I’ve got a shot here. I’m trying to get laid. Can you just be a wingman? For once in your life, dude, can you just be a… Just bring the energy down. Nobody gives a fuck about your fucking theories, okay? Just be a chill guy. You’ve got shit on your mouth. Either grow a moustache or don’t. You look ridiculous. I’m sorry, ladies. He gets a little excited.” What I think he was doing, I think he was just being a crowd-pleasing hack, if I had to guess. He was telling Germans what they wanted to hear. “And we have the best cars, we have the best women. Oktoberfest is the shit!” He’s just shooting free T-shirts up. Fucking armbands. Right? I don’t know. It’s something that’s always bothered me. Not always, just recently. If this guy kills six to fucking nine, everybody’s… we definitely don’t want another one of those. Well, what about this guy? Twenty to fucking 25. You know? What it is, there’s probably a couple of egghead history majors going, “Well, Bill, if we’re gonna go around the world, you know, what about that dude Mao from China? He allegedly killed 50-60 million people. What about that guy? How come you don’t bring him up?” Simple. I don’t count those kills. I don’t. I don’t count ’em. Dude, there’s, like, a billion people in China. You wipeout on a scooter, you’re gonna kill 80 not even trying. Fifty to 60 million, that’s like steroid-era stats. Like, get the fuck out of here. What are you on? Come on. Am I supposed to believe that number? That’s like when a second baseman had, like, 50 jacks. Dude, you had 20 in high school. Get the fuck out of here, 50 homeruns!
I don’t get it. I just don’t get why… What I feel, whenever I do this bit, I always feel the crowd, you guys just don’t like a sports analogy. You know? Let’s go music, all right? It’s Nashville. We’ll look at it in a musical way. All right? Okay. Hitler drops an album. He sells six to nine million copies. All right? He’s got a couple of summertime jams, maybe a prom song. He just catches a moment. He has his own dance, like “Gangnam Style,” except it’s got a little more with the hands. Right? It’s more of an upper-body song. Then, later on that summer, Stalin drops his new shit. He sells 20-25 million copies. Twenty to 25 million copies is Michael Jackson Thriller, okay? One of the greatest artists, one of the greatest albums of all time. Six to nine million in sales, that’s like Hootie & The Blowfish Cracked Rear View Mirror. Now, if you guys were at home in your apartment or your fucking barn, whatever it is you do down here… sitting there with your lantern… and you’re sound asleep… next to your favorite bale of hay. You’re sound asleep… and someone runs in at three in the morning. “Dude, run down to the bar! It’s the next Michael Jackson, I swear to God!” You would consider it. “Michael Jackson, I’ve got to fucking see that.” But if somebody woke you up, like, “Dude, you’ve got to see this guy! He’s the next Hootie & The Blowfish!” Right? You’d smash him over the head with your fucking lantern, or whatever you’ve got. Why don’t his fucking kills count? Dude, Stalin, he even killed his own friends. Hitler didn’t even do that. You go duck hunting with Stalin. You thought you were in with him. He’s taking pictures with you and shit. It’s all fucking good, right? Then, a week later, you parted your hair a little bit different, he got paranoid, and that was it, he whacked you. That’s it. Not only that, he then had you erased out of the photo. You know? Next thing you know, Stalin’s hugging a tree or some shit like that. This guy was photoshopping people out of photos… like, 60 years before the technology existed. He changed the fucking game! Yeah.
So, I watch a lot of the YouTube videos, right? So, the other night, my wife, lovely wife, she’s falling asleep. I can’t because I’m all scatterbrained, so I just start watching YouTube clips. Okay? And I ended up seeing this clip of this lady down at the zoo. All right? This lady down at the zoo, who I’m sure wasn’t making as much money as the guy who worked at the zoo, and that’s what needs to stop. Ladies, did you ever think of opening your own zoo? You know? Is there a reason you wait until we build the whole fucking thing, and then you show up when all the hard work is done? All the animals are captured. “Hey, where’s my fucking corner office?!” Yeah. Start your own fucking zoo! Go out and catch a cobra, see how that is. That’s not the point of this story. I just like… I just like being a dick sometimes. So, this lady down at the zoo. This lady down at the zoo, she taught this gorilla how to do sign language. Okay? And I don’t just mean like “hello” and “goodbye.” Like, literally phrases. This thing could, like, talk about its emotions. They were actually conversing. The gorilla is talking to her. “Oh, my God. You look upset.” “Oh, I’m kind of sad.” And they’re just talking. So immediately, like, my brain just went fucking crazy. I was like, “Oh, my God. She’s talking to a gorilla. I love gorillas. Who wouldn’t talk to a gorilla?” Without thinking that my wife is sleeping, I just blurted out, “Ask it how much it can bench! Ask it how much it can bench!” My wife pops up. “What are you doing?” I’m like, “Look at this! Look! She’s talking to a gorilla!” And we both just got sucked into this thing. Right? So, long story short, she’s talking to this gorilla, and one day she decides to get it a little kitten. A little kitty cat, right? Immediately I’m thinking, like, “Don’t get it a cat! It’s a gorilla.” It’s gonna twist the thing’s head off, throw the body over there, play with the head for a while. Sniffing it and stuff. And then, later, it’s gonna walk over and set the head down next to the body and wonder why the whole thing’s not getting up again. Because it’s a fucking gorilla. It’s a wild animal. Wild animals don’t have pets, right? It’s kill or be killed out there. That’s it. They don’t have little parakeets on their shoulders and shit. But it was the exact opposite. She gives it this little kitten, and it immediately understood it was a baby, and this, like, parental thing came over. It was so, like, gentle and filled with joy. It was, like, beautiful, right? And then they understood that it loved this kitten, and they started using it as, like, a teaching tool, right? So every night they take the cat back, all right, and the next day they come in. If the gorilla learned its phrases, it got to play with the kitten. They use it as a motivational tool. So the gorilla’s vocabulary started going through the roof. All right? So, to cut to the chase, one night they take the cat home. Somehow, the little kitten gets out. It got hit by car and it died. Yeah, that cat you never met died. I’m sorry for your loss. I know you knew it, all of it, for fucking 20 seconds. You know? I don’t know if it was dead instantly, like if it drove right over its head and that was it. Or maybe it just hit the back legs and it tried to crawl away, but it was… it was, like, stuck to the road, and it was… it was meowing out and it could see its breath. And right before it lost consciousness, the rats came in, and it was… it was just screaming, and in such… Cute little paws, it was like little socks, trying to get up.
I don’t know what happened. But you seemed so fucking concerned about this kitten… I figured I’d throw out a couple of theories. More concerned about the kitten than the Hitler shit, by the way. More of a reaction. More of a reaction. That’s fine. Every crowd’s a little bit different. That’s not the point of the story. Okay? The point of the story… was now this lady had to go down to the zoo, she had to tell the gorilla that the kitten was dead, right? So she comes back down to the zoo, and the gorilla’s all amped up. This is its favorite part of the day. Its mind is engaged and it sees its little friend. And at this point, its vocabulary is, like, crazy now. The lady shows up. The gorilla’s all amped up. It looks at her like, “Oh, shit! What’s up? Yeah!” Right? Now, I can’t do sign language, so you have to bear with me through the rest of this bit. I’m gonna do the best I can, all right? So the thing’s like, “What’s up? Yeah!” All right? But the zookeeper lady, she has, like, you know, just sitting there all sad, you know, trying to think how she’s gonna tell it, and the gorilla picked up on the vibe. She’s kind of like… “Hello.” All of a sudden, the gorilla’s energy comes down. She starts looking at the lady, like… “What’s uh… What’s wrong with you?” “Is there something that I need to know? Huh?” So the lady’s sitting there, she’s like, “Uh… Oh, Jesus. Uh…” “Well… Well, the… the kitty cat… it got hit by a car… and it’s fucking dead.” And the gorilla immediately took it in. It immediately took it in. It understood. Like, its bottom lip started quivering, its eyes started watering up, it was signing “crying.” And later on that night, you could hear it crying inside of its house. They built it a house. I don’t know why. They live in trees. It was probably the guilt of putting the thing in fucking jail, right? Whatever. It was a two-bedroom. It sounded like it was in the kitchen. And you just hear this thing… in this house at night, just going… And that was the end of the video. That was the end of the video. And, like you, I was sitting there, like, “What the fuck?” “You’re gonna end on that?” And then, literally, right in that moment, I felt my wife’s head just rest on my shoulder, and she was like, “That was so sad. I mean, it was beautiful, but it was sad.” And I was just like, “Get off me.” “Just… Just get off me.” And I closed the laptop, set it down on the nightstand, and I just got up, and I started pacing. As this fucking rage was coming up in me, my wife’s, like, freaking out. She’s like, “What’s wrong? What is wrong with you?” I’m like, “What do you mean, ‘What’s wrong?’ That video is fucked up!” What is the purpose of that? You teach a gorilla how to talk, you’re shootin’ the shit, you get it a pet kitten and then it dies. And then the gorilla cries, and it’s fucking sad, and then that’s it? That’s what you’re leaving me with? I’ve got to have that in my fucking head? How is that the end of the video? Somebody, for fuck’s sake, tell me. Dude, that gorilla understood the concept of death. If it understands the concept of death, it understands its own captivity. Okay? So it never dawned on that lady, that whole time she’s shootin’ the shit with him, it never dawned on her to sign to the thing, like, “Hey.” Like, “Do you want to get the fuck out of here?” “Do you hate it in here? Do you want to fucking kill us… for sticking you in here, away from your friends in the jungle?” And the thing would be like, “Yeah!” “Yeah, please get me out. I beg of you! It fucking sucks in here!” Right? And then you could have brainstormed, right? Like, “Okay, I’m gonna get you out of here.” The only bad part would be you’d have to deal with the gorilla and its crazy fucking gorilla idea. You know, like brainstorming its escape plan. The gorilla would be like, “Okay, we’ll get a bunch of bananas. We’ll throw ’em and distract ’em, and then we’ll climb out just using our arms.” You literally just have to sit there, going, like, “Okay. Okay. Uh… Not… Not trying to be a dick, but… I have a better idea. No, no, no. No disrespect to you. Okay?” “But I’m gonna go to Big & Tall. I’m gonna get a jacket, a hat, and some fucked-up-looking shoes. Okay? And what I need from you… What I need from you, okay… What I need from you is you’ve got to lay off this shit. All right? No more of this. Okay? No, no disrespect. Okay? I need you… I need you to man up, all right? Stand up straight. Arm down. Stand up straight. Here’s the difficult part, right here, okay? Left hand, right foot; right hand, left foot. You got it? Bam. Bam. All right? You get that shit down, I’ll get you out of here in ten days. Cool? It’s gonna be okay. Deal. Fuck! All right.” “See you in ten days, right?” So, like, the first day, the gorilla’s sitting there, going, “Okay. Okay.” “No. No, no, no. No. No.” “Okay. Okay.” “Yes!” “Fuck!” So that’s the first day. That’s day one, but the gorilla keeps working at it, right? Like, day two – day two it’s kind of getting… Day three, day five, day seven, day nine, day ten. “I’m doing it! I’m fucking doing it!” Then she could have came back and broke that gorilla out of jail, right? Show up at night. “You’re doing it!” Put on the jacket, hat. “Come on!” You take him down to the car, the only way to get him back. You’ve got to take it by car down to the harbor. That’s the only way to get it back to the jungle. You can’t go to the airport. You can’t go to the airport, going through that fucking security. Right? Once he takes his shoes off and that thumb comes sticking out, it’s fucking over! It’s over. You keep it below deck. You keep the fucking thing below deck until you get out to international waters. Then you’re fine. It’s captain’s law. “Come aboard,” right? And have the thing sit down. Other boats going by are looking at you, like, “Is that a gorilla?” “Yeah. What have you got, blood diamonds? Go fuck yourself!” “Fucking sex slaves? Get out of here! I’ll have him come aboard and rip that mask right off!” And you’re just hanging with the gorilla. You get to have that experience of seeing the thing free for the first time. As it comes over the horizon, it finally sees the jungle. It’s getting all excited. It jumps off the boat, it’s rolling in the sand. “Buddy, we did it! Don’t fuck up the coat, I’ve got to bring it back. We did it! All right, I love you. I’ll miss you. Get out of here before they see you.” The thing runs right to the edge of the jungle and it just… disappears. “It did it. I knew it. He wanted to go see his friends, man. He wanted to be free. It’s gonna be fucking great. He’s gonna go meet his buddies, he’s gonna talk to his friends now, like he should be, right? He’s, uh… He’s gonna go talk to his friends.” “He’ll… probably teach them how to talk.” “Then, of course… they’ll probably get horses. Did I just start Planet of the fucking Apes? He’s gonna teach his friends how to talk and get horses? Dude, I gotta kill this fucking thing! I gotta kill it. I fucked up. I gotta kill it. Sorry. Where’s my Glock? Where the fuck is my Glock?! Where is it? It was right here! It was right here! Fuck!” Got a little six shooter. “Fuck it, I’ll take this.” You run into the jungle, but it’s a gorilla, so it’s long gone. But you can’t give up, man. All of society’s gonna go down on you. You’ve got to kill this thing. So you’re just trudging through the jungle for months. You get six, seven months in, you’ve got, like, malaria, you’re about ready to give up. And out of nowhere, your buddy just jumps down, just like… “Oh, shit! What the fuck are you doing here?” Then you just pull out your six shooter. “I’m sorry, buddy. I gotta do it.” The gorilla would be like, “But… I… I thought we were friends. Why?” “Well, you know, ’cause… ’cause Jesus wanted it that way, you know?” “There’s this whole book. He made us in his image. We’re just, you know… We’re better than you, you know? Sorry, I can’t have you talking to other chimps and then you tear down the Statue of Liberty.” “Everyone’s gonna think I’m an asshole. Look, I’ll make it quick.” And right as you go to pull the trigger, the gorilla pulls out that Glock you couldn’t find. “I just… I just want to know one thing. How did you know?” “You knew before I knew.” I don’t have an ending for this. I don’t. And in a weird way, now you know how I felt.. When I watched that video. You know what it was? You know what it was? I did that joke all around the country, all right, and the gorilla always died, ’cause Jesus wanted it that way… and that was it. And it fucking bombed in every goddamn city in this country except for Dallas, Texas. That was the only place where they got it. And I’m not shitting on Texas. It bombed in Houston, Austin, El Paso, San Antonio. Killed in Dallas. They are the only ones who got it. They were like, “Hey, man, you did what you had to do. You did what you had to do, man.” “I mean, I loved that gorilla, too, but goddamnit, you cannot have two species working together. I tell you right now, you get a couple of gorillas on a bareback horse with a single bolt action rifle, that is the end of society as we know it.” “You should get a hypothetical medal… for killing that gorilla, hypothetically.”
So… All right. I’m gonna end with a quick little story here, okay? They’re always talking about how to make a woman happy, but they don’t do it enough to help you guys out how to make a man happy. The great thing about men is we’re fucking simple. We’re fucking simple, okay? So here’s the thing. You want to make a guy happy? If you’re with a good guy, okay, this is all you’ve got to do, okay? How about four times a year, once a season… you go out to the kitchen. Without him saying shit, you make a sandwich, you get him a beer, you walk out, you give it to him, you don’t say a word, and you just fucking leave. That’s all you’ve got to do. Every three months, you do that, you’ll keep him happy. That’s all it takes. I know right out of the gate this is coming off sexist, because I’m saying, “Go out in the kitchen. Make your man a sandwich.” I’m not saying women belong in the kitchen, barefoot and pregnant, rubbing my balls. I’m not saying that. Okay? I’m just saying, women, go in the kitchen. Just go in the kitchen four times in a year, make a sandwich. A toddler could do that. Just put it together. Grab two slices of pre-made, pre-sliced bread, two handfuls of pre-murdered meat. Put a little mustard on it. Grab a beer, walk out, just hand it to him, don’t say shit, and then fucking leave. When I say leave, I mean leave. I don’t mean walk into another room for, like, ten minutes and then stick your head back and be like, “Did you like it? Was it good? Great, because downstairs we need to… Don’t yell at me! I just made you a sandwich!” I don’t mean that. I mean leave. Get in the car and fucking get out of here. Take the kids, drive down the street. Go see Lord Of The Rings a couple of times, and leave your man in the stunned silence of what you just did. If you ever want to see your guy get emotional, to see a man get emotional, you make him a fucking sandwich that he didn’t ask for. I’m telling you, he’s gonna have to dry the tears with the bread. He’s gonna be so shocked, like… “You made this for me? And I didn’t even ask. Oh, my God! I think she still gives a fuck!” Yeah.
Quick story. Me and my wife bought a house in 2011. And by “me and my wife” I mean I paid for it. Right? She hates that joke, but I don’t give a shit. It’s true. And she’s always breaking my balls. “Don’t put your shoes over here. They belong over there.” “Yeah? Well, I bought over there, and I bought over here, so I’ll put my fucking shoes wherever I want to. Oh, shirt’s coming off! Where’s it going?” Right? So we get into the house. She’s scoping it out, because she’s smart. She’s finding the rooms that get sun, checking closet space. Me, like an idiot, I want to check out the garage. For whatever reason, I’m drawn to this. And I go down, I open the door, and the last people hadn’t cleaned it out. There was a busted refrigerator, an old file cabinet, an ab-roller, something from a luau. There were like seven failed businesses in this goddamn thing, and I gotta start lugging this shit out in, like, 90-degree weather, as a redhead, hating my life, right? I got three hours into this job, my forearms were cut, I had dirt, sweat, cobwebs all over me. I wanted to burn down this fucking house. I was ready to leave. But out of nowhere, my wife showed up, big smile on her face, and she had made me a sandwich. Cut it in half diagonally, which is love, right? If they don’t cut it in half, they might as well frisbee it. “Here you go, you fucking piece of shit. Hose yourself off! You should live out here! You should live out here!” Right? Cut it in half diagonally, poured Fritos in the middle, and gave me an ice-cold beer. She did that five years ago. Do you know, to this day, every once in a while, I still think about that sandwich. It’s unbelievable. It just pops in my head like this fond memory. I’ll just be by myself, talking in the car. “Remember that time she made me a sandwich? It was unbelievable! She cut it in half, Fritos, an ice-cold beer. I felt like a king!” That’s all it takes. You know what it felt like at that moment? You remember that movie Shawshank Redemption? You know that scene where the prisoners are drinking the beer on the rooftop with the sun in their face? That’s what it felt like. The only thing missing was Morgan Freeman’s voice narrating over the top, “And for 20 minutes, Bill Burr felt like a free man.”
All right, I’m out of time. You guys were so awesome. Thank you so, so much for coming out. Thank you, thank you, thank you. I really had a great time. Thank you so much.

Wooo! Ya’ll gone make me lose my mind. Up in here! Up in here! Y’all gone make me throw her out. Up in here! Up in here! Y’all gone make me act a fool. Up in here! Up in here! Y’all gone make me lose my cool. Up in here! Up in here! From the historic Lincoln Theater in Washington DC. Dave Chappelle!
Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. All right. No really. Boy. Well, it’s good to come home, boy. I swear. I know, man. It’s been a while. It’s been a while. Hey. DC is different. I’ve been gone, man. It took me years to be able to do the show. Boy, DC has changed. It’s different now. There’s a lot of white people walking around, isn’t there? I mean I left DC in the 80s. It was not like this in the 80s. When crack was going on. Remember when crack was going on? White people would be looking at DC from Virginia with binoculars. Boy, that looks dangerous. Not yet. New white people. You can’t scare these white people. I tried. You roll up on ’em: BOO! What the hell is wrong with you? Those days are over. I’m glad that were doing a show here by Howard, you know. You see like white people come out. And that’s good.
One thing I’m seeing. Ever be walking down the street. And you see like a group of black dudes walking. Not just any black dudes. We’re talking, you know, thugs. Talking, you know. They’ll be some thugs, man. And in the group, in the group they got like one or two or sometimes as many as three white guys. Ever see this shit? Let me tell you something about those white guys. Those white guys are the most dangerous motherfuckers in that group. It’s true. It’s true, man. Ain’t no telling what they done to get those black dudes’ respect. But those black dudes have seen them do some wild shit. I’ll tell you that. I’ve been trying to tell brothers that. Every group of brothers should have at least one white guy in it. I’m serious. For safety. Because when ship goes down.. Somebody’s gonna need to talk to the police. I mean that’s when that… That’s when that white friend comes in handy. Uh-oh. Ernie, wanna get this one for me. Come on now. Come on now. Do something.
The black people are very afraid of the police. That’s a big part of our culture. No matter how rich you are. No matter how old you are. We’re just afraid of them. We got every reason to be afraid of them. You know what I mean. You’re a white lady. You ever been pulled over before? What do they say? Let me see your drivers license and your registration, right? See? See I’m just guessing. That’s not what they say to us. You wouldn’t believe what they say to us. Spread your cheeks and lick your sack! Like what the heck? Excuse me? You heard me. Spread open your cheeks and lift your sack. I got a driver’s license too. It’s an easier way to prove who I am, isn’t it? What does that prove? I can’t go to the bank like that cash my check. What you mean, I don’t have my ID. Wait a minute. Oh. Oh, I’m sorry, Mr. Chappelle. Right this way. Why didn’t you spread your cheeks when you came in here? Scared of them. I’m serious, man. There will be a red light. The police might pull up next to you. It won’t be no big deal for you. But I’m fucking fall apart hard. Don’t look over there. No no no.
But I didn’t always know. It was a black thing. It took me a while to figure that out. I learned that shit when I was in New York. I was in New York City. Now I was hanging out with a friend of mine. He was a white guy. We was hanging out. We were lost in the city. You know, smoke a joint. I don’t know if it was a coincidence. We were lost and high and shit. My white buddy, he was smoking a joint. Dave. Dave! It’s the God damned cops. I’m gonna ask them for directions I said Chip, no! Chip, don’t do it! It was too late. He was walking over there. This man was high as shit. Excuse me. Excuse me, sir. Excuse me!!! I need some information. He starts confessing things he shouldn’t confess. I’m a little high. All I wanna know… which way is 3rd Street? The cop is like, hey, take it easy. You’re on Third Street. You better be careful. Go ahead. Move it. Move it. That’s all that happened. It’s the end of the story. Now I know that’s not amazing to some of you. But you ask one of these black fellows, that shit is fucking incredible, isn’t it?
A black man would never dream of talking to the police high. That’s a waste of weed. Serious. I’m scared to talk to the police when I’m sleepy. Fuck around and get the wrong idea or something. Oo-oh! Oh my God! That n i g g a was on PCP, Johnson. I had to use necessary force. You saw him. No, no paperwork. Just sprinkle some crack on him. Let’s get out of here. That’s how it is. But at the time I didn’t think there was anything racial about it. I was like, man, Chip. You got fucking lucky. You better be careful.
But then another time, me and Chip were driving. No I’m not driving. Chip is driving. And he’s driving a little crazy. He’s been drinking. I don’t like to let my friends drive drunk. But you know I was smoking a joint. I couldn’t really say shit to the guy. Now we get to a red light. We stop at a red light. And a cop pulls up next to us. And I’ll never forget it. Chip looks at me and goes. He’s all drunk and he’s like “Dave…” I’m going to race him. I knew it was a bad idea. But I was high. I tried to explain to him that it was a bad idea. But all that came out was… Well, maybe sometimes we gotta race? All right! Man, that light turned green. And Chip took off. Zig-zagging and shit so no one could pass him. The other car didn’t know it was racing. Then the police seen us. And pulled us over. You understand I’m scared as shit. I mean, come on. The car smells like weed. He was speeding. This man is fucking drunk. I’m scared. Chip was not scared at all. It was weird. He didn’t even turn his radio down. Isn’t that weird, a little bit? I mean you get pulled over, wouldn’t you turn your radio down? Nobody wants to get their ass beat for a soundtrack and shit. You know what I’m saying? Chip in the music blasting. We’re not gonna take it. Earlier today, just relax. Close your butt cheeks. Relax. Let me do the talking. You wanna know what he said? This is almost exactly what he said. I couldn’t believe it. He says. “Sorry, officer, I… I didn’t know I couldn’t do that.” I was fucking shocked! The cop said, well now you know. Get outta here. Get the fuck outta here. Chip said, okay. “I will, sir. Thank you. What? What’s wrong with you, Dave? I didn’t know I couldn’t do that.” He said, “that was good, wasn’t it? Because I didn’t know I couldn’t do that.” I’m shocked. I wasn’t shocked at the audacity. I was just shocked because I would’ve never thought to say that. I don’t think anybody I knew would think to say that because they know we know the law.
Every black dude in this room is a qualified paralegal and shit. He knows the law. If one of us even start to do something wrong, an old black man would pop out of nowhere. N i g g a, don’t do that. That’s 5 to 10. Watch out. We know the laws and the penalties. Chip didn’t even know he couldn’t race. I’m not saying I don’t like police. I’m not saying that. I’m saying I’m just scared of them. Nothing wrong with that. Sometimes we want to call them too. Somebody broke into my house once. This is a good time to call him. But I went, I don’t know. The house is too nice. It ain’t a real nice house but they’ll never believe I live in it. They’d be, he’s still here! Oh my God. Open and shut case. Johnson. I saw this once before when I was a rookie. Apparently this n i g g a broke in and hung up pictures of his family everywhere. Well, let’s sprinkle some crack on him and get out of here.
That’s that whole brutality thing. That’s common knowledge, man. There was a time when only minorities knew about that. I won’t say whites wouldn’t believe us. But they were a little skeptical. A little skeptical. I mean I don’t blame you. Even Newsweek printed it. It was in Newsweek. White people were like, oh my God! Honey, did you see this? Apparently the police have been beating up negroes like hot cakes. It’s in the May issue. I mean really how could you know about that? How could anyone else know? You know. Maybe he should have seen something a little suspicious. Doesn’t that seem a little suspicious? Every dead black person in a police van has crack sprinkled on them? Come on, man. Come on, man. Who get shot and sprinkles crack on themselves? Nobody would do that. BAM! Oww! Oww!
I don’t want to leave no mysteries. I’m a paranoid guy, you know. I’m afraid to call 911 for anything. If it’s like a fire or anything. Because they tape those phone calls. I see the shows. They tape them. And then they play on television. That’s fucked up. Now I’ll say anything if I’m scared. That shit is private. You’re on your own. What if I get killed? They start playing that 911 tape on the news. I’m dead. I can’t explain myself to my buddies. We was watching the news. We have Reg Chapman on the scene. Reg? What’s going on out there? It always takes the guy on the scene a minute. Hi, Bob! Hi yes. We just got hold of a copy of Dave Chappelle’s frantic 911 emergency call. Remember, viewers, some of this language is disturbing. “Hello. Emergency?” “Help!” “Help, motherfucker! They’re coming to get me!” “Just calm down, sir. Where are ya?” “Oh, oh, I shit on myself.” “I can’t stop cryin’.” They play that shit 30, 40 times a day. All my buddies will be at my funeral looking at me. “You know Dave shit on himself, right?” I saw it on the news. “Died crying like a bitch” I’ll be dead, I can’t even defend myself. That’s not a nice thing to do. That’s not a nice thing to do. I mean, it’s a 9-1-1 tape. How do they expect you to sound? Of course you gon’ be scared. It’s an emergency. There’s nobody calls 9-1-1 cool and relaxed. Now that shit would sound ridiculous, wouldn’t it? “Hello, emergency.” “Hi!” Hey, 9-1-1. how are ya? Yeah, uh, look, there’s a group of hooded white men gathering outside of my house. And it looks like they mean business. “GET OUT HERE N i g g a!” “I gotta go.” “You guys try and hurry.”
Too much pressure. That’s my problem: I can’t… I can’t handle pressure. Sometimes pressure makes me talk different. I’m serious. Have you ever had that social pressure… have you ever talk to someone who’s fake? And they make you fake? Like, that guy would be like: “Hey, how ya doin’?” And you’re like: “Fine, how are you?” I don’t even talk like that. I get sick of that shit. I do it and it just makes me sick. Sometimes I’ll talk crazy just to make myself feel better. Do y’all do that? You start talking like crazy. You ever hear this voice? “MAH.” That’s how bad guys used to talk in the 40’s, in the old days. See, I used… I talk like that. Not all the time, but if somebody put the pressure on me, fuck it. I gotta cut loose. When the police pull me over I’ll talk like crazy. “Son? Son. Do you know why we pulled you over?” “Nyah. Cause I’m black, see! That’s right. MAAAH!” I do it. It’s not illegal to talk like that. How do they know I don’t talk like that every day? “Stop talking like that.” “Stop talking like what, copper? Mah. That’s how I talk, see.”
You gotta make life interesting like that cause the shit is flimsy. Life is flimsy. You… you think you’re gonna live, but ain’t nobody gon’ live forever. It’s dangerous out here. We know what’s going on. I travel now, you know. I used to think that D.C. had the roughest ghettos in the country. Nah, n i g g a. Mm-mmm. I have seen some shit now. Oh, there’s some rough, rough areas outside of D.C. Yeah, everybody should go to the ghetto. I was taken to the ghetto one time. That’s the worst: When you get taken and you’re not expecting to go. You know, usually you wanna know when you’re going to the ghetto, like, “I’m gonna see some wild shit.” I gotta prepare myself. “I’m gonna see somethin’ crazy.” When you’re taken, it’s different. I had a limousine driver. It was after a show, it was late at night, it was like 3:00 in the morning. I had a limousine driver, he was a nice guy, talking to me and shit. “Oh, hey, where you from, dawg?” D.C.? Word? “That’s a rough city, man.” Then his cell phone started ringing. “Hold on one second.” Hello? Oh, what’s up, n i g g a? What? What the fuck? Slow down. What? What the FUCK?! No! No! Noooo! Fuck that! N i g g a, FUCK IT! I’m on my way! Hey. Hey. “I gotta make a stop real quick.” At 3:00 in the morning… I didn’t know he was taking me to the ghetto at first. I started looking out the window, I was like, “What the fuck?” There was a gun store, gun store, liquor store, gun store. “Where the fuck you takin’ me?!” “This don’t look good.” He didn’t say shit. He just pulled up in front of an old, rickety building. That looked like a project. Now, I never been there before, I’m not sure if it was a project. But it certainly had all the familiar symptoms of a project. A fucking crackhead ran this way. And then another one jumped out a tree and shit. The driver said, “I’ll be right back,” and left me. Took the keys with him, he just left me. At 3:00 in the morning, in front of a project, in a fucking limousine. This was not good. I was like, “Man, I gotta look around and see if I” can see some landmarks and figure out where I’m at. I have to escape on foot.
Now this is when I knew I was in a bad neighborhood. You only see this in the worst neighborhoods. Remember, it’s 3:00 in the morning. It’s 3:00 in the morning. I look out the window… There was a fucking baby standing on a corner. For real. And the baby… the baby didn’t even look scared. It was just standing there. I mean, it made me sad. It made me sad, really, cause… You know what I mean? Cause I wanted to help the baby. I was like, “Mm-mmm, I don’t trust you either. I’m sorry.” Click. CLICK! The old baby on the corner trick, eh? Not gonna fall for that shit. So where’s this limousine driver? You know, I start feeling bad. As time goes by, I start feeling worse. Like, “Man, what is wrong with me? What the hell is wrong?” I am scared of a baby. You know, this baby could be in trouble. He might need my help. I gotta do something. But I wasn’t gonna get out the car. I’m serious, man. I just cracked the window a little bit. It was an old limousine. I could roll it down and shit. “Hey, baby!” Baby, go home, man. It’s 3:00 in the morning. What the FUCK are you doing up?! The baby said, “I’m selling weed, n i g g a!” I said, “Ohhh shit.” I wasn’t expecting that. I’m serious. I had to buy two bags from him to calm my nerves. “Let me get two. Let me get two times.” Got back in the car and rolled me a joint. That shit was scary, man. Every once in a while, like, a crackhead would come up to the car and look in the window. It was like Jurassic Park and shit. He’d be looking around the car… “All right. Get outta here, cracky.” That baby was still standing there, man. I was like, “What the… “. Then I started feeling bad again. You know how weed make you feel guilty sometimes. You be like… “Man, what is wrong with me, man?” I have just bought weed from an infant. I can’t condone this kind of behavior. What am I thinking? I can’t let the fear ruin my morals. “Gotta do something.” “Hey baby.” Stop selling weed. “You got your whole life ahead of you.” He said, “FUCK you, n i g g a! I got kids to feed.” I was like, “God DAMN.”
Sad. Now just at that very moment, one of the crackheads was running across the street and got hit by a car. Now I know it was a hit-and-run: The police did it. That’s all right. They sprinkled some crack on him and he got back up. I’ll be seeing that kind of shit, man? It’s what it is. They use the TV to program us, from a young age. You ever watch, like, a cartoon that you used to watch when you were little as an adult? That shit is wild shit.. Some wild shit. I mean, I was with my nephew. We’re sitting there, we’re watching Pepé Le Pew. And I say to my nephew, I said “Now pay attention to this guy cause he’s funny.” I used to watch him when I was little.” And we’re watching Pepé Le Pew and I’m old now. And I’m like “Good God…” what kind of fucking racist is this guy? Like “take it easy, Pepé.” My nephew was sitting there cracking up: “Hehehe.” See? Sometimes you gotta take the pussy like Pepé. You’re like “No!” Nooo! I had to turn the channel real quick.
I turn on Sesame Street and I say (phew) “Sesame Street.” This is much better cause now he’ll learn how to count and spell.” But now I’m watching it as an adult and I realize Sesame Street teaches kids other things: It teaches kids how to judge people and label people. That’s right. They got a character on there named Oscar… and treat this guy like shit the entire show. They judge him right in his face. “Oscar, you are so mean. Isn’t he, kids?” “Yeah, Oscar. You’re a grouch.” He’s like, “BITCH, I live in a FUCKING trash can!” I’m the poorest motherfucker on Sesame Street! “Nobody’s helping me.” Then you wonder why the kids roll up and step over homeless people. “Get it together, Grouch.” “Get a job, Grouch.”
So don’t even tell me how to get to Sesame Street. It’s a terrible place. I wouldn’t go there if I knew the way. Who would wanna live in a neighborhood like that? Fucking six-foot pigeons walking around and… and elephant that’s a junkie. “HI, BIRD.” Yeah, that’s right. Snuffy! “HI, BIRD. I’m sick. I need some smack, BIRD.” The Cookie Monster with his eyes popping out of his head, screaming: “Cookie cookie cookie!” You’re like, “Ergh!” What kind of cookies are you talking about? “Chocolate chips don’t do that to people.” And they had the nerve to put a pimp on there. They didn’t come out and say he was a pimp, but I know a pimp when I see one. They called him The Count. Had a cape and everything. You’d have seen him pimping. “Bitch, where is my money?” You’ve been late four times. I’ve been counting. How many times must I smack you before you act right? One! Two! TWO SMACKS! “Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, ah, ahhhh…”
That’s the thing. There’s so many stuff… there’s just so much stuff to worry about. You know, the more you know, the more you don’t know and shit. You know. Like a lot of people are telling me, “Dave, you know, you just gotta relax. That racism thing has been bugging you too much.” I’ll be thinking about it. Sometimes shit will happen. You know. A lot of black people will relate to this. Have you ever had something happen that was so racist that you didn’t even get mad? It’s like, “Goddamn. That was rac… that was racist.” I mean it was so blatant, you were just like “Wow!” Like you were almost like, it didn’t even happen to you. It was like a fucking movie. That was like you were just watching Mississippi Burning: “Wooow.” That happened to me. I was in Mississippi. I was in Mississippi doing a show. And I go to the restaurant to order some food. And, I say to the guy… I say: “I would like to have…” And before I even my sentence, he says: “The CHICKEN.” I was like, “What the… fuck.” I could not believe it. I could not believe that shit. This man was absolutely right. I said, “How did he know…” that I was going to get some chicken?” I asked him. I said, “How did you know that?” How did you know I was going to get some chicken?” He looked at me like I was crazy. He said, “Come on, buddy. COME ON, BUDDY.” Now everybody knew that as soon as you walked through the goddamn door… you were gonna get some chicken. It ain’t no secret down here “that blacks and chickens are quite fond of one another.” And then I finally understood what he was saying, and I got upset. I wasn’t even mad. I was just upset. I wasn’t ready to hear that shit. All these years, I thought I liked chicken because it was delicious. Turns out I’m genetically predisposed to liking chicken. That shit is whack. I got no say in the matter. That guy ruined chicken for me. I’m scared to eat it in public. I don’t want someone to see me and say something. You know what I mean? You’ll be eating some chicken: (CRUNCH) (crunch) (crunch-crunch) “Look at him.” He loves it. Just like it said in the encyclopedia. “Look how happy he looks.”
Sometimes, that’s gonna be too much to deal with. That show business be crazy. That’s where the cultures really collide. Show business bring a lot of races together. Sometimes it works, sometimes it don’t. This is one thing that happens that’s funny. You sometimes I’ll be on a business call, right? You know, like, with… with a lawyer or something. You know, my lawyers be white. And uh… So like, we’ll be on a call, right? And they’ll be like: “OK, Dave, we’re gonna close the deal.” Is that fine with you? I’ll be, like, “Yeah, that’s good for me.” “Great! Great. You have a good weekend, Dave.” I’ll be like, “Alright. You too, man. Peace.” “Uh… all right now. Bye-bye.” They don’t know what to say, right? So sometimes I’ll make up shit that’s not even slang. Just to see how they handle it and shit. It’ll be the same thing, they just go: “All right, we’re gonna close the deal. Is that fine with you, Dave?” “Yeah, it sounds good to me.” “Great. You have a good weekend, Dave.” “All right, buddy. Zip it up, and zip it out.” He’ll be like… “Uh…” All right. “Zippity-doo-dah, bye-BYE.”
Sometimes, you know, sometimes racism works out in black people’s favor. It doesn’t happen often. It happens very rarely. But… when it happens, it is fucking sweet. I’m serious. One time, racism saved my life, man. I was… I was on a plane. I was c… I was coming from overseas. And… I don’t know how this guy got a machine gun on the plane, but he stood up, man. He said: “Everybody! Get on the fucking ground.” NOBODY LOOK AT MY FACE!” I started freaking out. Cause he was Chinese. I was like, “Why is he talking like that?” He was screaming and crying. I was the only brother on the plane. Well, I thought I was the only brother. I looked over, there was one other black dude. He was from Nigeria. I looked over at him, he was looking right at my face, man. He didn’t say two words, he was like: He didn’t need to talk. I knew just what he was talking about. I looked right back at him. I was like (gives thumbs up) Some white dudes on the front of the plane seen us. They were like: “Oh my God.” “I think those black guys are gonna try to save us.” Nuh-MMMM. We were just communicating that we understood the situation. We were both seeing the same thing. What we understood was simple. Terrorists don’t take black hostages. That’s the truth. I have yet to see one of us on the news reading a hostage letter. “Mm.” They is treating us good. Uh, we all chillin’ and shit. I’d like to give a shout out to Ray-Ray and Big Steve in… “Newport.” You’re not gonna see it. Terrorists are smart. They know what they’re doing. They’re, you know… They’re terrorists. They know that black people is bad bargaining chips. They call the White House, they say: “Hello.” We have got five black… “Hello?”
We be back in D.C. You know what I was thinking, man? This… This is an election year. I’mma ask you, you’re a white guy, do you know who you’re voting for yet? Don’t know, do you? Now you see that? You see what just happened here? Let me tell you something, that is a cultural thing. He knows who he’s gonna vote for. He’s just not gonna tell me. See? I’ve noticed that. That is a cultural thing. White people do not like to talk about their political affiliations. It’s a secret. You ever ask a white guy who he’s voting for? “Hey, Bob. Uh, Bob. Who you gonna vote for?” “Dave, Dave! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.” Mmmm… Take it easy now. Take it easy. So anyway, um… I was fucking my wife in her ass, right? And… and… “I mean, it was something else.” “Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but… but who are you voting for?” “Dave!” Dave, come on with the voting. I’m trying to tell you about how I fucking my wife. “And you’re asking me all these personal questions.” They don’t like to divulge that information… cause it matters to them.
Black people talk about that shit. Black people will openly talk about politics. Black people will openly talk about beating up politicians and shit. “If I see George Bush, I’ll kick his motherfucking ass for cutting my Medicaid.” They don’t care. They’ll just say it. Black people will just say it. But there’s a reason for that. Because it matters more.. It matters more. Black people… see, even when I vote, right, which I don’t, but… but even when I like think about like who I would vote for, right? I don’t even look at their political policies. I just look at their character. You know what I’m saying now? You gotta… no, I’m serious. You gotta read between the lines.
Like you know, you look at Clinton. And black people like Clinton. I saw one thing on the campaign trail. He actually just picked a black baby up and kissed him… “Come here, little n i g g a baby.” Mwah! Just kissing him. I said, “Mmmm-hmmm!” I like that. He did not hesitate or nothing. You see George Bush Jr. He’d be like: (kiss) “Ew.” That was fun. Like see I’d never vote for George Bush Jr. But I don’t know George Bush Jr.’s politics. The only thing I know about is that that guy sniffed cocaine. That’s right. Now listen, we cannot have that shit in the White House. That might be fine for a mayor, but goddamn it, not in the White House. Not in the White House. Mmm-mmmm. You hear what I’m saying? The stakes are too high in the White House. Can’t have no cokehead president, mm-mmm. He’d be selling nuclear secrets for 20, 30 dollars and shit. He’d be at meetings, embarrassing America. “Come on.” Sign the treaty, baby. “I’ll suck your dick.” Like what the…? “Mr. President!” Mr. President, that is not how we do business here, sir. “Stop sucking the ambassador’s dick.” “No, let him finish.” I will sign the treaty. “There will be peace in Israel, finally.”
I’d vote for Clinton again if I could. At least… It’s always better… Now again, I’m not looking at his politics. Don’t know what his politics are. I’m just looking at his behavior. I understand that kind of behavior. I know a lot of dudes with them shortcomings. Weed smoking fornicators, there’s a lot of them. I mean, come on now. Let’s… let’s be honest. Let’s be honest. Bill Clinton was not the first president to do what he did. Now let’s just… let’s just… let’s think back for a minute. Remember a guy named… named Kennedy? John F. Kennedy. Remember him? He fucked Marilyn Monroe. Matter of fact, him and his brother Bobby fucked Marilyn Monroe. And history doesn’t talk about that much. You know why history doesn’t talk about that much? Because those two pages in history are stuck together. They was gettin’ it on. They were gettin’ it on. I seen the tapes. Remember the tapes? She be singing all nasty as his party, stressin’ him out and shit. “Hap-py birth-day. Mis-ter Pre-si-dent.” “Bitch, my family’s here. Mm-mmm.”
Clinton did the same thing, but he didn’t do it like that. Because it’s the year 2000. He’s busier than Kennedy was. He was a busy man. Clinton did that kind of thing the way busy men do it. You know what busy men do? They fuck who’s close to them. I could tell that was what Clinton was up to. Looked like he just stuck his head out the office door and shit. “Ehh, oh boy!” You! You, come here. Come here. I need my penis sucked before my 3:30. Come on. “Oh, boy.” He was probably looking at Kennedy’s picture and shit. “Oh.” (salute) And then to top it off, he lied. Which I thought was just… I thought that was special. I did, man. I know how he did. I’ve been accused of having sex with a girl I did not have sex with before. And let me tell you something, that shit is infuriating. You ever go through that? You know, it’ll make you crazy. You’ll be screaming at your best friends. “I didn’t touch that bitch! N i g g a, I’ll kill you!” Fuck you, n i g g a! I’ll kill you! Please believe me. PLEASE BELIEVE ME! But Clinton didn’t do it like that, did he? Clinton came out at the press conference all relaxed. His shoulder’s all relaxed, looked like he just got done fucking or some shit. “Listen.” Let me tell you something, America. I don’t think you heard me the first time. I did not… have… sexual… relations… with that woman! (sniffs finger) Miss Lewinsky! You know he did it. You know he did it. Everybody knew what that finger smelled like. Nobody cared. Nobody cared. We all watched. We was disgusted but we kept watching the news. I know I did. I was taping it. See, I’d be at the crib like: “Baby, turn the lights off. News is coming on.”
Every week on “60 Minutes,” it was a different girl accusing Clinton. Remember when Kathleen Willey came out? She was upset. “The president…” called me into his office. He… began… massaging my breasts… slowly. I’m sorry. And then he placed, my hand… On his genitals. Ed Bradley was shocked. Ohhh! “Was he aroused?” I was at home like, “Yeaaah, was he aroused?” And then Ed Bradley looked right in the camera, he said. “Don’t bust that nut yet. We’ll be right back.” Oh, man. The news had never been so good. But there were no victims. There were no victims.

Only one I feel sorry for is that, uh, Lewinsky. I feel little sorry for her. Don’t y’all feel a little sorry for her at all? Audience: NO! Goddamn, y’all, come on now. Have a heart. That’s a hard thing to be famous for, you know. Ain’t nobody want to be the most famous cocksucker of all times and shit. I feel bad for her. Not even the women feel sorry for her? A little bit, ladies? Women: NO! Now that’s jealousy. That’s what that is. I mean, come on, y’all. That’s one dick that that girl sucked that’s gonna haunt her for the rest of her life. Long after she’s spent that money up, that’s still gonna haunt her. And I know there’s a lot of women in here with at least one dick they regret. And I bet you it wasn’t a president’s dick. I bet you he worked at Kinney shoes or Safeway or some shit like that. Don’t go judging her. Don’t go judging her. See, we gotta stop judging people. That girl was young, and she made a mistake that young girls make. She wanted to fuck a powerful man. Period. That’s as far as she thought it through. She wasn’t thinking about how powerful the president was. She had no wisdom. An older woman would’ve helped everybody. An older woman would’ve been in there. “You know, um, you should lower taxes.” You know what I’m s… An older woman would’ve sucked us into Utopia. The last thing I’m gonna say about it is this: He is a famous man. I have dreamt of being famous, but I never dreamt of being that famous. I never understood how famous a president was. But imagine if someone could suck your dick and then they’re famous. You understand what I’m saying? That’s crazy. That’s crazy. I mean, no guy ever thought of that. There’s nobody with a pickup line that good and shit. “Hey, suck my dick. There’s a future in it.” “Oh, that’s it.” Now get out there and be somebody! Go write a book. You’re a qualified author now. Go write a book. Shit, I’m in the wrong business. I should be the president. Shit, I’m in the wrong business.
See the only reason why I want to be the president is because I’m black, that’d make it too hot for me. I mean you know… I mean, there could be a black president one day, but… You don’t wanna be the first one. I mean the second or third is fine, but… That first n i g g a better watch out. I’mma tell you that right now. Too hot. I mean I’d be the first black president. I don’t think that nobody would really, really hurt me. I’m sure somebody’d want to hurt me. But I don’t think they’d touch me. Cause uh… Cause my vice president will be Mexican for a little insurance. You know what I’m saying? I mean, you could shoot me if you want. But you’re just gonna open the border up. You might as well leave me and Vice President Santiago to our own devices. “Ain’t that right, Santiago?” “Si! Siii!” “Elián can stay…” Don’t worry, don’t worry. I ain’t got no Elián jokes. All I’ll say about Elián is thank God he’s Cuban. Cause if he was Haitian, you would’ve never heard about his ass. Mm-mmm. If Elián Gonzalez was Elián Lemumbo from Haiti, they’d have pushed that rubber tube right back and say: “Sorry, fella. All full. Good luck.”
The only thing in our society that bothers me the most is the way that men and women don’t get along no more. That’s really what’s bugging me about it. Men and women just don’t get along. Like I hear women say this all the time. I know a lot of you sisters be like: “Chivalry is dead.” Don’t y’all feel that way? Like men aren’t gentlemen anymore? That’s right: Chivalry is dead. And women killed it. There’s a fundamental difference in the way we’re gonna see things. We’re not gonna see eye to eye on this issue. We’re just not. Our tests in life are different. A woman’s test in life is material. A man’s test in life is a woman. Now by test, I mean that those are the things that we desire. Men have nice cars. Not cause they like nice cars. Because they know women like nice cars. That’s how it goes. Cause men are hunters. And the car is the bait. And a woman comes up and says: “Ooh, nice Porsche.” “Gotcha, bitch!” That’s how it is. That’s true. Come on, man. You go to a woman’s house, her house will be comfortable as shit. Women love comfortable surroundings. So men get comfortable surroundings. Let me tell you something: If a man could fuck a woman in a cardboard box, he wouldn’t buy a house. But that’s still not where chivalry got killed.
Chivalry got killed by the feminist movement on all them magazines that got women going crazy, because women got too much advice about men from other women. And they don’t know what the fuck they’re talking about. And it’s true. I see the shit in the magazines. I don’t read ’em, but I be seeing the cover. You ever be in the grocery store, fellas, you look at one of them magazines like “What is this?” And it say on the cover: “A hundred ways to please your man” by… some lady. Get outta here, man. Come on. Ain’t no hundred ways. That list is four things long. Just suck his dick, play with his balls, then fix him a sandwich and don’t talk so much. And they’re gon’ be happy. That’s it.
And then the magazines trick the women. The magazines start picking at your self-esteem. Every page you turn, you start feeling fatter, and uglier. And you feel like your clothes aren’t good enough. And the magazines have you forgetting how fucking beautiful you are. And that’s what happens. Now look what happens. And then you forget how beautiful you are, and we all suffer. If pussy was a stock, it would be plummeting right now because you’ve flooded the market with it. You’re giving it away too easy. I’m just… being truthful. I’m just talking. It would plummet! We’d be watching the news. “Today, pussy plummeted again on the NASDAQ.” “Gold is up ten points.”
You can see it. You ever have this happen? This is how confusing it is. This is the practical application of what I’m talking about. Like a guy will be out… this happens a lot, guys. You’ll be at a club, a bar, right? You’re just kicking it with your boys, and a girl walks by, and, man, she looks good. She looks good. Not good in that classical way. I mean, you know, I’m talking good like, she got half her ass hanging out her skirt. Her titties are all mashed together… Popping out the top of her turtleneck and shit. And you’re with your buddies, right? You’re with your buddies, you got a couple of drinks in you. And you see a girl. You might try to talk to her. It just might not come out right. I don’t know what you’d say to her: “DAMN, look at them titties!” The girl gets mad at you. “Oh, uh-uhh. Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute!” Just because I’m dressed this way, does NOT… “Make me a whore.” Which is true. Gentlemen, that is true. Just because they dress a certain way doesn’t mean they are a certain way. Don’t ever forget it. But, ladies, you must understand that that is fucking confusing. It just is. Now that would be like me, Dave Chappelle the comedian, walking around the streets in a cop uniform. Somebody might run up on me. “Oh, thank God.” Officer, help us. Come on. They’re over here. “Help us!” I’m not gonna be like: “Oh!” Just because I’m dressed this way does not make me a police officer.” You understand what I’m saying? It’s like, “All right, lady, fine, fine.” You are not a whore. “But you are wearing a whore’s uniform, I’ll tell you that shit right now.”
Little misunderstandings can happen. And then, man, we misunderstand women a lot. You know, we always undermine their feelings. You can’t do that to them. You can’t because… see, feelings are… You see? They’re clapping. Feelings are very important to women. They are all-important to women. I’m just learning this shit. Everything is based on how they “feel”. You could hear it when they tell stories. You ever tell… when a man tells a story, it’d be just facts: Who, what, when, where, why. “It was me and Bob.” We was at Safeway, then that n i g g a Bob said this. “Then I punched that n i g g a, then I broke out.” That’s the story. That’s the story. Women tell stories, and all these feelings come out… “Well, first of all, you have to understand, I was on my period. And I had just talked to my mother, so I was feeling like… “. Goddamn, so many feelings. What the fuck happened? Get to it. Get to it. But they gotta talk about ’em. They gotta talk about ’em.
That’s how they always get me. I’ll be sitting there, watching TV, chilling and shit. My old lady come up to me: “David, we need to talk.” “FUCK!” I don’t say that out loud. That’s how I feel inside. Because I know every time we need to talk, we need to talk about some shit that I gotta do. We don’t ever have to talk about anything she needs to do. She leaves me defenseless. I have to do what I have to do. “David, we need to talk.” “Mah.” “Don’t do that to me, David. This is serious. Stop talking in that voice.” “No, see!” I gotta do this, see! “Maaaah! Seeeee.”
I complain, but I’m happy that I’m with somebody. I don’t wanna be… I don’t wanna be single. I don’t like that. Sometimes, you go to them single clubs, you see too much. See I was on the road, one club, and I seen… I see a thing they call a “thong contest”. Man: YES! Yeah, I’ve seen a thong contest. Man: SCANDALOUS. Yeah, it’s some scandalous shit, all right. I couldn’t get over that, man. Cause the DJ, you know, I was dancing with a girl, the DJ says: “Everybody who wants to be in the thong contest, please report to the DJ booth.” Girls like, “Excuse me.” They put on that song. “Let me see some THONG thong thong THONG thong.” thong.” Them girls was going off! Some of them pulling their pants down. Some of them pull their skirts up. All of them shaking their butts. Some of them didn’t even have underwear on. They were just fucking shaking their butts. I mean, really, I was fucking disgusted. But I couldn’t turn away. For the squeamish, please plug your ears. All right. One of the girls gets so into it. There’s no cops around, right? But she actually, sorry to tell y’all this, she spreads her buttcheeks open. She spreads her buttcheeks open in the middle of a crowded disco. Right? I was disgusted cause I was like ten yards away from her and I was like, “Oh my, GOD.” “Is that her… is that her birth canal?” Oh it gets worse. I’m like, “Good God almighty, is that a… is that a baby?!” I know, that’s gross. It’s gross. Cause it was a baby. It was the same baby from the projects. He’s like, “I snuck in the club, n i g g a!” I got that weed if you need me. Just pat her on the ass and I’ll come out.
All right, guys, thank you very much. Thank you all. Good night. Woo! Ya’ll gone make me lose my mind. Up in here! Up in here! Good night. Good night! Up in here! Up in here! Y’all gone make me act a fool. Up in here! Up in here! Y’all gone make me lose my cool. Up in here! Up in here!
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I’m thanking one in particular. Bad titties in the front row. Thank you so much. Thank you, audience coordinator, for putting those titties up in the front row. God bless you. Those are distracting me. I was s’posed to come out, “oh, hey, hello.” Henh. Meh. Meh, meh. Meh, yeah. Oh, y’all here? Yeh, huh, meh. [Growls] You look lovely, though, by the way. Yes, you do. Yes, you do. Congratulations, my friend. I’m glad y’all here. It’s very good. Yo, congratulations to you, my friend. Look at that white woman you’re with. God damn! That n i g g a behind you going, “yeah, son, I’m wit’ my girl, but yo, for real?” That white woman’s amazing, isn’t she? Tell the truth! He’s wit’ his black girlfriend, like, “naw, I don’t– I don’t know.” But that, she’s high level. That’s a high level white woman right there. That white woman is– that is– man, oh, man, oh, man! Black woman get mad at that. But that is top shelf white woman right there. You know how you can tell how pretty a white woman is?
The value? You look at her, and then you wonder how long they would look for her if she was missing.
[Laughter and applause]
Come on, take a look. Take a look. Look at this n i g g a lookin’. Look, look, look, look! Oo-ooooo. I saw you look mad, sweetie. How long, if you was missin’, how long you think they would– how long you think– exac– she don’t even– she went– you know the deal. I ain’t saying nothin’ wrong. White woman’s life is valuable. What’s his name, Joran van der Sloot? Right? We found out he was a serial kill– man, he kills women. That’s what he do. He do it well, you know what I mean? We know the girl that he– that he, you know, supposedly had, uh– what’s the girl in Aruba? Natalee Holloway. Right? But the one– he just killed a girl in Peru. What’s her name? Um… Exactly. Look how fast you said Natalee. You said Natalee! * Natalee-e-e * Hollowa-a-a-ay * that angellll y’all said that like Family Feud. A’ight, name a white girl been missing for five years in Aruba. Ff–Natalee Holloway! Survey says… Name a Peruvian girl that was killed yesterday. What is that big-head, third world Peruvian bitch’s name? Has to be Yorris or something goofy.
Don’t get mad at yourself. I gave it to you. You saw how fast she said Natalee Holloway. Diana Ross right here said Nat– she knew her name! Ha! [Hoarse feminine voice] “That white girl was Natalee Holloway!” Man, you caught yourself a whoo!
God bless you, man. That is high level, right there. Don’t be ashamed of it, gorgeous. She mad as hell. [Nasal effeminate voice] “Fuck that white bitch. Nuh, nuh, nuh.” You know–come on. Come on. Ain’t nobody lookin’ for you. I might look for ya. But the news ain’t. You– [grunts] You think Fox is reporting you missing? Let’s be honest. Nancy grace? She lead story on Nancy Grace for the next six months. Look at ‘er. Look, look, look, look. I’m lookin’ at her ’cause she mad as hell. Black woman don’t like that shit. But it is what it is. Let’s be– ain’t gotta be like that.
Let’s just– let’s be honest. That little girl that went missing, um– she was sailing? Little girl that went sailing, oh, forgot her damn name. But she went sailing and went missin’ in the Indian ocean, okay? And they spent… Good lord. Her mast broke, and she was floatin’ around. And she gave out her little signal, her beacon. They looked for her– they spent $500,000, like, tax money, to search for her. Now, if that’s my daughter, I want that to happen too. But–but… If you go sailing… Let’s be honest, how long you think– are they gonna spend five– come on.
Remember– hey, remember football players in Miami went missing? They went sailing. They looked for them for eight minutes. Maybe. They just sent somebody at the edge of the beach. “I don’t– “I don’t see ’em. “We have to call off the search “’cause there’s too much sun. “Uh, this sun, “the conditions are abnormally… difficult.” If I go sailing, I’m taking a white baby on a keychain with me. Ha, ha! If my boat go down, they gon’ find me. I’ma have it hooked right to the side of my belt. And I’ma dress the baby real white too. I’ma, uh, put sweatpants on it and a pair of Ugg boots, and I’ma take a picture. Look at this white baby. You don’t come get me, this white baby goin’ down with me.
I hate how much fun black people can have racially, man. It’s just– I can say anything I goddamn want, racially. And white people have to sit there and take it. “Yeah, oh, I am evil, yes.” See, it’s like, come on, man. I-I don’t even say it ’cause of that. I, like– I-I-I love– I love a little racial– look, man, you know. Let’s be fair. I mean– [sighs] Honesty’d be nicer with the racial game. I mean, it–it–it– I like to st–ho– you know, white people about being honest about, uh, Obama. You gave it a shot. You did. You gave it a two-year shot. Like, “oh, yeah, I tried. I tried to– we tried to–” but you– it’s not– it’s not–it’s just f– it fell apart. It really– it really did.
And I’ma tell you something you don’t know about black folks. We would be on your side, uh, you know, talkin’ to white people. We would be on your side a lot more if you would, uh, you know, just not ever talk about how you feel about anything racial. We’ll catch up to you. Now, serious. ‘Cause black people on the edge of going, “what the fuck is Obama doing?” But it’s too many white people outwardly hating him, so we can’t. We go, “if you shut the fuck– if you shut up, I’ll be your gangsta.” I’m like, “stop– stop having rallies and all kinds of stuff.” I’m telling you, I’m this close to– I’m mad at him ’cause I thought I would have a white slave by now. I thought– I thought it was vengeance day. Thought I’d have me a white family. Big ol’ fat white girl gon’ warm my bed up. “Get upstairs, Susan. “Warm my bed up. “Feed my baby wit’ your giant white titties. “And I’m gonna go outside “and stare your husband in the face and decide whether I’m gonna sell him or not.” “Now, you know your wife’s upstairs, “warmin’ up my bed. “You know that, right? Ph–Ph–Phillip.”
That’s uncomfortable, isn’t it? That’s uncom– that’s uncomfortable. I apologize. That’s uncomfortable. Can’t we move on? We’ll move on. We’ll move on to somethin’. They don’t even like that in play. That’s uncomfortable, right? To think about that? But you know. What you gonna do? I like havin’– look, day– my days are numbered. So I just wanna have as much fun as possible, you know what I mean? I’m–I’m 40, and, uh, and that’s–that’s– that’s young in everyone else years. But, uh, in black years– I got, you know, high blood pressure. Diabetes. I am, uh– if you do the black-to-white life ratio, I’m a hundred… and seventy-seven year old. I’m old as a motherfu– I’m old.
And I wanna live, but here’s where I messed up. I messed up my young years. And I realized something. I’ma tell you, if you’re over 40, and you’re trying to better yourself, just–just sto– i–it–just–just– you’re not gonna better yourself. And when I say you’re not gonna better yourself, I mean better yourself like go back to when– you try to capture the things you used to do when you supposed to had did it, but you didn’t do it. You feel me? So the stuff that you were 18 and didn’t do, now you’re 40, and you’re going, “I’m gonna make a chan–” it’s just– it nothin’ make me sick more than somebody 40 and say they in school. Like, “what you doing?” “I’m–I’m going to school, blah.” [Geezer voice] “you’re never too young to– never too old, and never too bl-bl-bl.” Whole bunch of sayings. [Babbling incoherently] Shut the fu– the fuck up wit’ your old horse shit. ‘Cause it ain’t– you’re old. Your brain don’t work. Your body don’t work. You can’t change your ethic. There might be two of you that changed your ethic. Like these fat people shows that are on tv. Where they got people, “uugggh.” Soon as that show is over, they’re fat again. Big fat fats. Fatty, that’s what you are.
I went to exercise recently, and I tried to change my life and exercise. After I finished, I was saying to myself, “I gotta do this tomorrow?” Like, nothing changed. I still got s– a lump. I don’t care what it was. Something shoulda changed. Nothing. And I gotta keep doing this until maybe I see a change. I just can’t. I don’t have that ethic anymore. I shoulda did it when I was 18 years old.
Like, I can’t type. But I didn’t realize how important typing was till right now. I fucked up all my good typing years calling people gay who was going to typing class. It was, like, me and six other dudes, like, “what you doing, typ– “you wanna be a secretary? What the–? “What kinda pussy–? “Man, man, come on, man. Let’s go, uh, steal bread.” We used to go steal bread and lunchmeat from the supermarket and make sandwiches and sell ’em during typing class. And now I can’t type. If you can’t type, and you try to be in a world with people who can, you–you– you feel irrelevant. You stop, you know? You say hello to some woman on the internet. “Hi.” And she come back with the seven-page memo. Like, “hello,” whap! You be like, really? For real? All those words? You saw me type, “hello.” And I yelled it, evidently. I–in big letters, it was saying hello. Really, seriously, you think I said, “hello! Hiiii, bitch! Hiiiii!” Is that what you think I did, for real? Yeah, really? Just send smiley faces, that’s all I do. I know smiley emoticons. I know. I love those.
Like, I can’t spell– if I had to spell restaurant, to this day, right, to save my mama’s life, like, if– like if somebody held my mama hostage and had a gun to her head, right, and says, “n i g g a, spell restaurant. “Man, I will– I’ma shoot your mother in the head.” I’d be like– I would look at my mother like, “uh, I love you. You better look at me, ma.” She’s crying, “wahhh.” “Understand that I– I love you with all my heart.” “Stop stallin’, n i g g a!” “Okay, all right, all right. “All right!” All right, all right, all right, all right. R-e-s-t… Oh, my god. Here’s where it gets– oh, Jesus Christ. Uh… There’s a ooh– it’s a ooh–uh– rest-ooh. Stoooooh-rant. Rah-went. R-rrrruant. Is the–it’s an a or a u. “A’ight, gimme another– “gimme another word, man. “Gimme another word. One more word. “Just give my mother a chance to live. “‘Tomorrow’? Shit, shit, shit.” “Probably”? God da– “banana”? A’ight, banana, banana. B-a-n– b-a-n-n– a-n-n-n– is it– ain’t there, like, seven ns in “banana”? B-a-n-n-a-n-n… A-n-n-n-n…. A-a-n-a? N-a?
I’m, uh, irrelevant. How old are you, bro?
35.
35, Five years. Eh. How you feeling? You feeling– you feeling a’ight? [Inaudible] you feel like these young guys of, you know– you a football fan? [Inaudible] all your– your whole life? You notice how football’s whack now? Things are changing. It seems like– look, this–this may be old thinking, okay? Now, when I came up– you a football fan? No? That’s a–like– he’s not. Like, what dude, like– that shocked me. Like, dudes are football fans. [Effeminate voice] “Oh, I don’t. It’s a little too violent.” Like– like– football… It’s not like the game it– when I came up, dude, football was a gla– it was gladiators. It was angry. It was angry. It was just– like, when we hit somebody, when I played, if you hit somebody and he didn’t get up, like, we didn’t hold hands with the– with the other team and pray. Like, hold hands and all– everyone prays for him to get up. We used to do a Indian, like, sell a hump dance circle around him, like, “man, look at you. Uh, uh.” [Barking] I be like– and our crowd’s like, [singsong] * he’s para-ly-yzed that’s right. Ho, ho, ho! We be lookin’ for his mother crying, like, “that’s right, lady. “That’s what you get for lettin’ him out here “with killers. “He can’t even wiggle his toes. “Take his socks. Take his socks.” And we would tie his socks around our helmet for the next week’s– like, the next team. They knew, “awww, that’s the team “that be tyin’ paralyzed n i g g a s’ socks around they helmets to scare ’em next week.”
And then– it ain’t like… We were thinking about harming somebo– it’s just, that’s what we did. Right? Oh, look at this guy, just– look at this fuckin’ crew right here. You guys are hilarious. You okay, guy? You all right? You late for some test you’re gonna have at 1:00 in the morning? Huh, intelligence face? Are you a big football fan? You like football? Yeah. You are? Sorta? I don’t think so. I think you saw me tease this guy.
I’m just tryin’ to get us to understand, man, that you the future, okay? I’m done. But they’re takin’ away– I’m a neanderthal, okay? They’re taking away what I used to just automatically think and feel, and now they’re just taking it away from you, so now even you look at dudes like me, like, older dudes, and go, “oh, you’re–” it’s like self-policing. Men go, “oh, that’s not– you shouldn’t– sss.” Like, “inappropriate” is a vaginal word. Like, that’s not a word. [Snooty voice] “That is inappropriate.” Like, is that coming from a man? Like, women say that. That’s women’s job, is to say, [nasal voice] “that’s just–that’s–” [babbling] like, that’s– men are supposed to do– we’re here to do foul things and have you go, “ohhh!” But now what’s– where’s the balance? See, it’s–it’s– it’s ying and yang. The balance, it– you–you gotta liven up. You gotta be a little more– is that your woman right there? See, see guys? See how comfortable you are? You shouldn’t be as comfortable as you are. You just–you can see him sittin’ up, unnngh, straight. And you’re just lookin’– he’s just like– “huh-huh, hoo-hoo, whatever you laugh at, I’ll laugh at.” It’s not a good thing, brother. I feel it. Don’t get mad at me now. He’s like, “fuck you, fat f–boy.” “Can’t type or read, huh, fat man?” I’m just sayin’, man. I don’t know how to type, but I do know what I’m telling you.
I’m just–just– it’s, uh– like, ladies, let’s discuss. I mean, look. Let’s discuss harassment. For a second. Let’s just– you feel it a little bit? Like, let’s just discuss it. Why can’t… I harass you? Sometimes. Sometimmmmes. I can never harass you? Never? And I’m not talkin’ about– [growls] arrrgh! Ooga-booga! Like, I’m talkin’ just… At the job. It’s unfair that I can’t harass you at the workplace. Like– you lookin’ how you lookin’, and I can’t just– a little somethin’ that has to do– like, you gotta be careful just to say, “hey, you look beautiful today.” That’s how messed up the game is. I think you should be able to comment on any part of the body that you see. If you– I’m serious. What’s your name? What’s your name? Jeannie. Now, Jeannie, no disrespect. But if I work with you, I should be able to walk in and go, “oh, Jeannie, beautiful, uh, titty meat you have there.” And– ’cause I see that. But whatever the scientific term is– I’m looking at mr. F– hey, 4.9 grade point average, what’s the– what’s the science term for, uh, t–the titty meat. What’s the actual– and it’s not the cleavage. I mean, the cleavage is the space in the middle. I’m talking ’bout the meat. The meat, the titty part. And I’m not bein’ foul. Just, you know, whoa. You know what I’m saying? Just so I can go through the rest of the day without pretending… That I don’t see what–what you– you–you understand what I’m saying? I mean, let’s work out a deal. Don’t get me f-fired.
Having women work with men, right, is like having a grizzly bear work with salmon. Dipped in honey. Like, so– now, you dip the salmon in the honey, right? Grizzly bears– and the salmon get to walk through, comfortable, with honey and fish, and, “good morning, grizzly bears.” [Grunts] And the grizzly bears is like, “hey.” It ain’t even– he can’t even growl. Like, “raawwwrr, what’s up, fish?” [Growls] “Oh, my god, human resources. The grizzly bear just did grizzly bear stuff.” So– so– like, I can’t even go, “hey, good morning. “Good morning, fish. Good morning. Ohhh.” I can’t touch you. Like, “ohhh, look at that. “Ooh, I’ma just get a little bit of that fish “for a little bit. “Lemme get that honey. “Oh, my god, mmmm. “Fish and honey, man. “That’s my favorite. “Usually I kill fish and eat ’em and stuff, “but I just wanted to just rub that– “rub a little bit of that. “Mm. God damn.”
That’s oppressive. Like, you shouldn’t even– and there’s cameras everywhere. You can’t do, like, weird stuff behind her back, like– why would it be disrespectful if I said– what’s your name? [Inaudible] Tyrelle. If I go, “hey, Tyrelle, we work together.” And I go, “Tyrelle, hey, do me a favor. “Let me know when you gettin’ up “to go to the bathroom so I can sniff your chair.” That’s disrespectful because it’s sexual. But that keeps me from being– like, I think–look. I think there should be a holiday. For lack of a better word, harassment day. But not– that sounds whatever. But I mean a day where I get to find out– like–because– and this is why it should be harassment day, because women get to be inappropriate sexually all the time. You get to be inappropriate. And when I say inappropriate, I mean say hello to me too close. “Hi!” Mmm-meh. Or some weird massage ’cause you think we’re friends, and you, “good morning,” a little kiss, and he’s just like, “ohhh. “Oh, boy, oh, boy. Boy, boy, boy.” And you think in your head, man, “I wonder if i– I wonder if I, you know–” but harassment day allows you to be able to ask.

All year, I say the Tuesday before thanksgiving. And it’s– and it’s a beautiful day. Flowers and everything. You buy her flowers, you just real cool. You walk up, you’re respectful. You say, “hey, how are you?” You know, good afternoon to her, happy harassment day. And you just, like, say, “listen, I was wondering all year if you would suck my dick in the broom closet.” And you just be like, “no, thank you, I’m not–” and you’d be like, “I’m–thank you. “Keep the flowers. I just thought– “I made a mistake. “I thought you was a ho all year. “I was confused. I thought you was a ho, but you’re not.”
Even animals, man. Animals smell it on us. They do. Animals smell something’s wrong. Like with the dog whisperer. He got animals. And I’m a animal–uh– let me say this, man. I-I’m a what they c– I don’t know what the term is for, uh, extreme animal lover. Like, I-I get sick when I see animals suffering. And I know that’s contrary to popular belief somehow. Somehow it’s spread out that black people, we– like, we hate animals. Like, we can’t stand dogs and cats. And I-I don’t get it. That’s the news doing that. ‘Cause they only show dudes that hate dogs. Like when the Vick stuff was happening. [Deep voice] “what do you think of Michael Vick and the dog?” They just show– every dude they show is like, “mm, dogs? Man, fuck dogs. “I don’t– “I’ll drown a dog in a bucket right now. “Gimme a dog. “Where’s a mo– where’s a dog at? “I’ll kill him. I hate dogs. I hate dogs.” And then they’ll show a white woman, like, tongue-kissing a dog in the mouth. Just to prove white people love dogs. And then they go back to him, and he’s mad, like, “look at this dirty white bitch, “tongue-kissing devil. “Devil bitch tongue-kissing a-a jackal “in the mouth. Devil licking jackals!” And then she’s, like, shining, like– there’s some weird war. They always want black people and white people to be at war, man, for some reason. How can you hate a– I don’t– people who hate animals– like, I-I don’t– I’m not gonna go, “I hate you.” But it–it would be hard. It takes away a piece of how close we might– if you go, “I hate animals.”
Like, somebody look at a baby seal, and go, “oh, I can’t wait to hit this motherfucker in the face.” “Fuckin’ hate baby seals. “All cute. The fuck you lookin’ at, baby seal?” Like– you ever see them sad animal commercials that come on, like, during– like, 4:00 in the morning, during three’s company reruns? And they catch you out of nowhere. You be watching three’s company. And then, [high-pitched voice] * ooh hooo like– and they’ll show– it be a– like, it’ll be a kitten and they slow motion the kitten up, and the kitten– * ooh hoo-oo-oo and it’s a– kitten got a pencil in his head. Like, somebody stuck a pencil in his face. * There’s a pencil * sticking out of his * fa-a-a-ace then they put fun facts. “15,000 kittens are stabbed in the head with pencils each year.” You be like, “who is stabbing kittens “in the face with pencils? Why?” * It’s a pencil * sticking out of his * fa-a-a-ace. Then they’ll show a bunch of puppies shoved in a-a container or a cup. * Puppies in a cup * missin’ their feet * it’s wro-o-o-ong “hi, I’m white lady. I’m here to say n i g g e r s probably did it.” Fuck you, bitch, jackal-kissing ho!
But I’m not saying that dogs should be equal citizens, either. I love my dogs, man, but I-I can’t– you know, it’s wrong to train ’em. And they’re outta control, and I’m not really a Cesar Millan understander. I try. I try with what they– but I-I got a westie, a little westie, and a poodle. And I love my dogs, man. I let–and I let ’em go to the bathroom on the wee-wee pad in the house, man. I don’t care. And everything’s good when they do that. ‘Cause they got little baby– you know, when they eatin’ right, the ba–the–the– they be nice, little– little– you know. I don’t have– they don’t have to scratch. They just, “ugh,” do they thing. And when they do they thing, everything’s beautiful. I go, “good boy, good girl, bow,” and everybody’s happy. But sometimes they just decide they gon’ try me and go– like, they have a meeting and go, “you know what? “Lemme see what happens “if I piss on this good rug that he bought. “Let’s see. “Why don’t you– wanna piss on his rug? “Who gonna do it? You in? Come on, one, two, three.” “A’ight, I’ll do it. I’ll do it.” And then the other one peekin’ around the corner, like, “okay, okay.” And just, “ugggh.” It’s usually the westie. ‘Cause he got the cutest look. The westie got the– got the sad, like, “what did I do?” Face. So I be like, “what are you doing? “Oh, come on, man. Why would you do that?” And he’s just, “I’m dumb. I don’t know.” I go, “go ahead, boy. Come on, man.” Everybody’s happy.
And then, like, ’cause when I was younger, this is how you trained dogs. It was no s– it was easy. You just put ’em down when they first get in the house. And you just hide around a corner, you know. And you just wait. You wait till they go to the bathroom where they ain’t supposed to. And soon as they crunch up and go to the bathroom– you gotta wait till the first– and then you just run. “Mother fu– rraagggghh!” And you j– you shove his face in shit. “Aaaagh! “How’s that feel, shitty face? Your face stink. How’s that?” [Growling] “there, what?” He’s like, “what?” You choke ’em out, and he’s– he start tappin’, like, “oy.” You kick him. “Don’t shit on my rug, you mother–!” And he’ll never shit there again. Like, he may go there. But here? He’ll pull a cigarette out first, ‘fore he– dear god. “Whoo, somethin’ happened to me bad there. I’m scared to even get near there.” N i g  g a do heroine, he get near that spot. “I’ll kill you. That rug cost more than you, motherfucker!”
But I’m trying to save you, man, ’cause you are the future, my friend. ‘Cause I’m finished. I’m stuck. In a relationship, done. Done. This is a man in love. Here–here’s the face of a man in love. And the face of a woman in love is like, [effeminate voice] “yea, yea. I’m in love.” But the face… Of a man in like is like, “yeah, man. I like her.” And women are like, [effeminate voice] “when are you– where is this going?” Why’s it have to go somewhere? It’s just cool right now, like– Here’s the best relationship in the world, is when the woman loves you… And the man likes her. So if I like you, and you love me, that’s perfection. Because I like like. Like is like when– that’s when he’s happy to see you and happy to hear you, and you doing things that don’t disrespect the happy. You lie about liking sports, and you do all kinda things.
I know that sounds, like, ridiculous, but I’ll put it in vaginal terms for you. ‘Cause I see the faces, like, “huh?” And then guys go, “hey, I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Like, but I-I– but guys do. I f–I speak fluent dude, man. I-I understand how we are. I’ma tell you why– okay, ladies, you– how many times has there been a guy in your life, or guys, where there’s been men in your life who want to sleep with you, but you didn’t want to sleep with him? Zillions. You can’t count it. So what that means, there’s a– there’s a philosophy there, meaning you are sexable. He wants to sleep with you. But just ’cause you are sexable don’t mean I’m sexable. Right? Same thing with love. Just ’cause I’m lovable… Doesn’t mean that you’re lovable too. You’re just likable to me. You didn’t do for me what I did for you to feel that way. You understand what I’m saying? It–it–it’s very simple. So if you just wait for me to love you, then you–you’ll be all right. You might have to wait a while. But men don’t have the option to muscle you like you muscle us. “You know, you’ve gotta either shit or get off the pot. “We’ve been together this many months, and it’s time for us to discover where–” like, but men don’t say nothin’ like that to muscle you, man. That’s–that’s, you know– I can’t go, “look, we’ve been going out “for a week now. “It’s–it’s–it’s, uh… “It’s time for you to roll these panties down ’cause… “It’s been too long I been buying you drinks, and you got to either shit or get off the pot.”
But when your woman loves you, it’s very difficult to get past that, man. A woman’s love is so beautiful, man. Men’s love is not as beautiful. It ain’t pure, ’cause it’s work. It’s job. I look at my girl laying there, I be like, “god! Ohh, man!” I want to call out sick from love. I be like, “damn.” But she’s sleeping right there. I be wantin’ to give the call-in-sick voice. [Groans] “I can’t make it to love you today. I got a…” [Groans] but when your woman love you, man, you feel weird. I try to start arguments with my girl all the time just so that she love me less, ’cause she just– the way she love me, it’s just too much. I’m like, “damn.” It ain’t– it’s not necessary. But she loves, man. And love for a woman embodies everything. It’s like… [Panting and moaning] she’s concerned about my health. Ain’t no man in here ever ask how their woman’s health is, ever.
Look at this n i g g a laughin’. How long y’all been together, by the way, bro?
Two years.
Two years. Have you ever asked her a health question? Never. It ain’t happenin’. He never–we don’t know when she, the last time she checked her titties for– for lumps. Anybody’s man ever ask if you checked your titties for fuckin’ lumps? No! If you take pills, do your man go, “have you taken your pills?” No, we don’t give a shit. Just knock your pills off the– “what’s all these pills, you sick bitch?” “Sound like maracas around here. You’re sick.”
And it’s not ’cause we don’t care about you. It’s just the way we care is not the way…you know. Men don’t care about health in general. We don’t care about being sick. I should be getting prostate checks every week. I should be at least doing my own prostate check. You can–if your prostate’s swelled up, you can put your own finger in your booty, right? To see if your prostate swelled, ’cause you can’t– but look, all of that, I’ll never know, ’cause I’m not gonna stick– I’ll let my prostate fall out my asshole first. I’ll be walkin’, it’ll fall on the ground. I’ll be like, “is that my prostate just fell out my asshole?” And I still wouldn’t go to the hospital. I’ll call one of my friends on the phone. “Hey, man, your prostate ever fall out your asshole? “What’d you do about it? Put some duct tape? All right, put some duct tape.”
It’s beautiful, the love. I’m telling you. I’m diabetic, man, and–and, you know, I’m not gonna find no woman that gives a–cares… Just off the street. ‘Cause diabetes, look– first of all, I don’t support it, all right? If I didn’t have it, I could give a– it’s just, “whatever, dude, really? Can’t eat cookies, faggot? I don’t care.” [Laughing] but I got that miserable disease. It’s just– it’s one of those– it’s deterio– it’s just a– it’s just a pain in the ass, ’cause I can’t eat and drink what I want. Like, I can eat as many vegetables as I want. “Patrice, you can have all the brussels sprouts you ever needed.” It was like, “oh.” Why can’t I eat pasta and cake? But you can’t, and it hard. It’s like being addicted. Food is, I’m telling you– food is an everyday, like… I’ll be like, “oh, my god, man, food again?” I gotta think about– every day, I gotta think. I go to sleep thinking about food. Tomorrow, like, “what am I gonna do? “A’ight, today, I had salad and fruit, “and I–I’m gonna celebrate tomorrow “by having a whole… “Lamb leg, to celebrate how good I ate yesterday.” It’s just a suffering…
And I understand being addicted. Any smokers? Smokers here? Anybody? Smoking? See, and that’s like– and you a young man, but you know. You know. It’s a–you don’t– you’re good people. You don’t want to die. Smokers are like– [inhales] you just know you’re dying, like… “Man, oh, man, dog.” [Puffs, exhales] and you gonna get cancer, like, you know you gonna get cancer, and you’re giving other people cancer. You’re like…[Blows] you’re like, “I’m not a bad person, “I just can’t keep it– “I can’t keep it, uh… Down in my system here.”
And then the pack of cigarettes, they used to say things like, “uh, cigarettes possibly “might cause you to be ill at some point in your life.” Now they say it will kill you, and you still… And then you got the cigarette boxes in Canada. You ever see Canada’s cigarette boxes? They got dead babies on the box. Like, it just be a dead baby. Can you imagine smoking and rationalizing? [Laughs] imagine you tell yourself, you say, “man, I’m glad I made it past his age. Goddamn.” “How old was he when he started smoking? “A day old? Jesus, slow down, n i g g a, use a filter.”
I saw some white chocolate-covered Oreos. Oreos dipped in chocolate, man. I wa– I could–it was– I was in tears, like, knowing I shouldn’t eat it, but I was in pain, like, going, “oh, my god.” And I’m talking to myself, “I can’t eat these cookies, man.” And they’re callin’ me, and I’m praying to god, and I’m–and I’m lactose intolerant, but, like, if I eat these cookies, I gotta drink milk too. I’ma go out like a soldier. It’s like, whatever. And then you say all kind of weird stuff to you to rationalize eating them. I’ll be like, “you know what? “I don’t need both my feet. “I’m not a… “I’m not a ballerina. All I need is one so I can drive my car.”
I’ma tell you a quick love story, man. This will sum up how much my girl love me, and it’s amazing. Um, you know, like I said, I’m diabetic, man, but, um, you know, it’s a true story. When we have sex, we’re really, uh… Really dirty, man. We’re really dirty. We pee on each other and the whole… But that’s–get past that, ’cause this is true love, so… So I’m– we’re having sex, right? About two years ago this happened. We’re having sex, and then, uh, afterwards, she’s like, “you know, that was good, “but I think we gotta go to the hospital and get you checked out.” I said, “why?” She said, “’cause you’re pee tastes like birthday cake.” And… Isn’t that love? If you can get past the pee part, that’s love, right? When she’s like, “oh, your pee is too delicious. I don’t– I don’t like that.” She didn’t go, “you peed in my mouth, you nasty–” she’s just like, “oh, my god, your pee tastes– “I done like the way it tastes. It tastes scrumptious.” What I’ma do? You see these three goofy girls’ look, they like, “if he pee in my mouth, “blah blah blah. Blah blah-blah blah-blah bluh.” That means you’re not gonna love me to the degree that I need to save my life, are you? No. I don’t need you. I don’t need you if you can’t taste my pee and go, “something’s wrong. You need to go check yourself.” You judge me. [Laughing] [laughs harder]
That’s your woman, bro? How long you guys been together? Ten years? Wow. Good, good. How long? 2 1/2, 3 Years? Y’all goin’– y’all goin’ raw? You stick it in raw? You do? Okay, you put it in– you put it in raw? Look it, she punched him. You know what? Let me explain, she just hit him in his arm. I’ma explain something to you. The quicker that a man goes raw, it makes him look like, you know, “go ahead, pimp. You got it in raw.” The quicker the woman goes raw, it makes you look– yeah, loose. It makes you look bad. ‘Cause safe sex is a woman’s responsibility. ‘Cause men are trying to do it the first second we meet. Look, my protection is just, I do this. And I just go… [Laughs] “just not AIDS, god.” “Please don’t let me get sick and die.” It is your responsibility. Yep.
When did y’all decide to do it? How long did it take, bro? How long did it take?
A while.
It took a while? What’s a while? What’s a while to you? Hey, did you do the old bagless trick, where you would just slowly, like, just try to put it in without… And you just, hopefully, she stop you? That old trick? Like, “okay… “All right, it’s getting close, “and I think I’m gonna… I ain’t got nothin’ on it yet.” And then it start getting real close. You be like, “no, she gonna let me– “ohh! This dirty bitch!” [Screams] “we both gonna die you let me put it in?” “Oh, we gonna die! “She just let me go raw!” [Screams] But we won’t stop, though. “Aw, come on! Stop me!” [Laughing]
And I can’t use no condom no more. It’s over– condom days. I put a trash bag on my shit, it just– * wah wah like the “wah-wah” music? * Wah-wah it’s just dead. I have to see if my balls can fit in there too. Like, “all right, how’s that, baby?” “They both in there soft, “but his balls and dick is in there. “You okay? How’s that feel? Filled up? You feel filled up?”
I’ma do–I’ma show you something, ladies, right? I’ma show you something. Here’s why you should be responsible for safe sex. All right, how many guys in here, honestly, have used a dental dam before? [Pop pop pop] [pop pop pop] [pop pop pop pop pop pop pop] Do you know what a dental dam is? You do? No one’s ever used on before, huh? See? See what I’m saying? You see what I’m saying about the condoms? Y’all just like, “put that condom on,” but, you know, the dental dam is a piece of a trash bag, right? About as big as a napkin that you flip out, and you lay it over a woman’s vagina just in case, you know, it’s–it’s poison. To protect us from imminent danger, but we don’t use it ’cause you’ll be insulted. If I’m getting ready to have sex with you, and I pull out a piece of a trash bag… And you go, “uh, what is that?” “Oh, I’m just gonna lay that over your vagina just in case it kills me.” “I’m sorry, what did you say?” And we see that face? “Nothin’, forget it. “Don’t even–pretend you didn’t see that. “I’d rather die than to “insult my way out of some pussy. I’d rather just get what you got.” [Laughing]
No offense, but that’s us. We are not like you. Understand that. We’re good creatures, special– we are, but we’re just not like you. We’re not like– we don’t tell the truth, and the reason is because we cannot. Truth is, uh… Here’s what truth is. Truth is a feeling that goes from your gut to your mouth instantaneously. Women get to be truthful. You get to say… And you say any kind of foul, ’cause you don’t have an editing– it just comes up. “I just– two plus two is seven.” [Squawks] just say it. [Squawks] “I don’t care.” And you be like, “it’s–it’s four.” [Squawks] “it ain’t. It’s whatever I want it to be!” [Screech] [squawks] “I’ma talk if I feel like it.” [Squawks] And…
Men don’t do that. We can’t be honest with you. Man truth is cruel. If we told you the truth all the time, that’s cruelty. Men–men go from our gut, and then it stops at the heart, where we edit it. We edit what this was. What this was was gonna be foul, so I’m not gonna say what this was. And then, it goes into the brain for further… Touch-ups. You know, analysis. Mmm, okay. All right, that sounds good. And then you say it. We don’t just spew stuff out, man, because how we really feel about you, it just–it’s not– it’s not cool like this, how we feel about you.

You said ten years? Let me ask you a question, honestly. What’s your daydream on how to kill her?
You want to get me killed?
Here’s where you’re messing up. I’ma tell you where you’re messing up. He goes–he says to me, “hey, man, you trying to get me killed?” So you see how we can’t tell the truth? The–the lie, right? That means that he thinks about it. Do you understand what I’m saying? You should say, “I don’t think about killing my woman,” but you go, “you tryin’ to get me killed? “If I tell you how I’d kill this bitch, she gonna kill me!” So you might as well get it out now. How do you kill her, man? Just so she know. How do you daydream about it? Spit it out. She’s looking at– it’s over. Just– sweetie, I’m trying to let you understand what you’re dealing with. I’m just saying the fact that you’re alive means he didn’t go through with it.
He just–and I’ma tell you why– why guys think about killing their women. It’s ’cause we love you. Because I want you out of my life, but I don’t want to hurt your feelings. So I’d rather you be dead, than to break your heart. So we think about, how do we kill this– and get away– how do you do it, bro? I’ll tell you how I kill my girl. I put a pillow over her head and shoot her twice with a silencer. [Imitates silenced gunshots] And the feathers come up, and I look under the pillow, and her eyes still be open, and I close her eye– I close her eyes and shit. [Kiss] And I kiss her softly on her face, but she’s dead. You might as well spit it out, ’cause it’ll help you now, ’cause you can blame it on all– the whole situation, instead of later when she’s like, “so, you know…”
You’re Puerto Rican, right?
Cuban.
Cuban? Oh, lord have merc– like, whatever, she’s– whatever accent and whatever anger she does in Spanish, she’s gonna be on you, so you might as well just say it, think about it. ‘Cause she gonna be on you. What is it? What do you, you know.
And look it, I don’t condone violence against women, but I do condone thinking about it, because sometimes it’s like, “how do I get you out of my face?” It’s just like, what do you do? When a girl’s in your face, ahh! Especially black women, ’cause, you know what? This is probably more important to white women, ’cause white women, you do stuff to get killed. People kill you. Your husbands kill you. Black women do stuff to get hit. Like, they make you want to hit ’em, ’cause they be in your face, like they could whup your ass. “Blah blah blah, blah-blah.” You be like, “I’ma put this bitch through a fish tank.” Don’t get in my face, ’cause I can’t even hit you. I can’t even poke you hard. Like, don’t– don’t press me like that. “What you gonna do? I wish you was–” like, “oh, my god, man, get out of my face.”
And I’ve never hit a woman, man. I’ve never needed to. And I been–been, like, “wow, man. This would be so much easier if I could,” but I just… You just… Like, I never even mushed a woman. Anyone ever get mushed? You ever get mushed? You know what a mushing is? You don’t even know what mushing is. Do you know what mushing is? You do–yeah, see. Look at the black girl right there. Go ahead, show her. Show her. She put her whole hand over her face. It’s a–it’s– it’s a non-violent… Movement… When you’re in my face, aah! And it’s just to– it just moves you… And sometimes a twist. It’s just, “get out of my face, please.”
I don’t ever want to mush, and I’ve never done it I’ve come close, but I’m too scared. I don’t want to go to jail over nonsense, man. Jail’s– I don’t want to do that. Push–I don’t want to mush a girl. “Get out of here.” She stumble back, crack her head, and… You know, she’s laying on the ground doing the, uh… The Hulk Hogan from the ’80s, like… I’m like, “oh, my god.” I’m lifting her hand up like the referee. Like, “oh, come on, bitch. Please get up.” And she’s just… And on the third one, I’m hoping she go like this, like, “oh!” [Laughs] “I’m still livin’, brother!” And you’re like, “okay! Okay! “Oh-ho! “Oh-ho! Oh, she’s livin’!” [Laughing]
White women, though, I’ma tell you why you get killed, and this is a f– I’m from Boston, man. I got a PhD in white people, man. I grew up around them. White women, you don’t scream at your men. I never seen a white woman really go “aah!” At your man. “What? What?” But you do something different. You don’t scream, but you–you, uh… You say, like, really terrible things in his ear so only he can hear it, and it starts to, like, abrade and whittle his spirit down. Like really foul stuff, but nice, like, “you know what, your mother’s breath stinks.” You be like… “When’d you get close enough to my mo–” “I don’t have to. “It stinks from here. And I’m gonna fuck your friend Phillip.” “I’m gonna fuck Byron as soon as you go to work.”
And then, this is over years, and you just– you just– until all you got left is murder. You just kill her, ’cause you got no more spirit left. The spirit is gone. Serious, man.
If you want to understand men, ladies, look, I’m here for you. I’m just telling you what we are. What we are, you know, not who we are. What we are. Just like what we are that makes us struggle. And, really, men are perfect creatures, except for, you know, one… Like, if most women would want to be a man if you didn’t have to give up that power that you have, which is our weakness. That’s our weakness. It’s very difficult. I’m telling you, man. Like, I don’t want to want to be with other women ever. Like, I want to just walk down the street and go, “I never need to look at another woman again, ’cause I’m with the last woman I’m ever gonna be with.” And I’m like… But it ain’t real. It’s just…
Like, no guy wants to cheat and hurt his woman, man. That hurts. First of all, think about what cheating is for a second, ladies. Cheating is a man, he sneaks out of his own house to go, like, find some happiness behind your back so your feelings aren’t hurt. Cheating is for you. It’s not… It’s not for me. We don’t want to hurt you. If you gave a lie detector test to a man and a woman and asked them the same questions, man, we would pass them both up to a point where it’s like, hey, ask a woman, “you love your man? You love your family? You love your home, you love what you built?” “Yep.” “All right, you see Brad Pitt or Denzel Washington “or whatever standing there, “would you risk everything you built with your man just to sleep with him?” And women, look, they’ll go “nah, I wouldn’t.” And they’ll pass the test. They’ll be like, “eh, you know, “they look good, but I wouldn’t.”
Ask guys the same thing, you know, boom, love your woman, the kids, the hou– “yeah.” “All right, you– you see that girl passed out behind the dumpster?” “Would you risk everything for a passed-out woman behind a dumpster?” “I don’t want to, but look at her with garbage on–she looks so cute with garbage on her.”
You ever discuss threesomes, gorgeous? You never had a threesome discussion with your man after ten years? Like, just even talked to him about it. Just a talk. Like, ’cause it’ll make him– wouldn’t just a nice threesome talk make you feel like, “oh, man, just cool that she lets me get a little bit of that evil out, right?” And by the way, ladies, a threesome is two girls and a guy. The girls be thinking, “what about?” Two guys and a girl is a train. That is… Me and him. I don’t even know him. And he better not look me in the face. Like, what– “n i g g a, just get your dick sucked. Why are you staring at me?” “Let me fuck my half of the torso.” “Catch this n i g g a blinkin’ at me “while I’m trying to fuck my half of the body. “Damn! Damn, man! N i g g a don’t have train etiquette.” [Laughing]
You don’t understand that, right? Women don’t relate to that crap, ’cause you don’t understand how much, uh… To get sex for a guy, man, it’s hard. It’s harder to find– it’s harder to get sex than it is to find love. I swear to god. Women hold–you gotta be smooth to get– I’m tellin’ you, to get through that, because women are like the beefeaters from, uh, England with the big hats, and them dudes be… “Who goes there?” You trying to, like, charm your way into the palace, and you just be like… “Tickle, tickle, baby. Tickle, tickle.” And she’s just, “you’re not gonna get through!” “Oh, come on.” [Babbling] and–and that’s skill. Women, you don’t have it, ’cause you don’t need it. You don’t have to have swagger to get some tonight. You don’t. You can just point at it. You can look at a guy, right, catch his eye, and go like this, and he’ll go, “me?” And then you just point right here. And don’t be sexy. Don’t be like, “ooh.” Just– [grunts obnoxiously] and he’ll look around for a minute to make sure it ain’t a trick, like… [Grunting and yelling] monsters is giving out pussy, man. What I’ma do? What I’ma do, say no?
We’re like, uh… I’m trying to, like, make it so women just, like, understand a little bit, like, just to sympathize. It’s like we’re like sport fishermen. This is what I’m sayin’. That’s what men are. We–i mean, being with one woman… I mean, for real, ladies, if you just said thank you to your man for being faithful. You just go “thank you, man. Thank you for fighting.” He’d be like, “damn.” And if you– if you told his friends that you thanked him for fighting hard and not cheating, his friends would be like, “what?” Like, they would look at you like you was amazing. It’s simple.
Men like to fish. And sport fishing is different from catching fish for food. You just get it– you get it, you catch it, and you, you know… You show your friends. ‘Cause you want them to know that you can catch fish. You take a couple of pictures so you can show people the fish that you have the ability to catch, and then you release it back into the water. But a lot of women in here, you have boyfriends or husbands, you were fish that jumped back on the boat… And just was, like, flapping, looking at me, like… “Hi. “I was wondering if you’re gonna be fishing here again next week, like…” “Yeah, for other fish. Get off my boat.” “Is that how you treat all the fish?” You be like, “oh, goddamn. “No, I’m sorry, sweetie, you’re the last fish I ever wanted to be with.” Now you’re stuck. Stuck with the last fish, who was loving you and fighting hard to be on your boat, then she got comfortable, and now, instead of doing this, she’s like, “so… “We’ve been together for, like, a year now. Why do you still have a boat?” You be like… “So what you trying to say, I can’t catch fish no more?” “Why do you need to catch a fish?” “Because if I lose my ability to catch fish, “then you not gonna find me sexy no more, “so you gotta smell fish on me “so that you know I can catch fish so you can act right.”
That’s like, guys, you meet your girl, she was a ho. Like, had ho– like she, big ol’ booty and this and that. You gotta let her do that. Don’t start trying to frump her up and get her fat and get her foul. ‘Cause that’s why you like her. I don’t want no woman that no other guy’s trying to fuck. I don’t want a woman that I can send to the store at 2:00 in the morning, ’cause nobody’s gonna try to rape her. Like, I go, “go get some bread at 3:00 in the morning. “Hey, cut through the alley, bitch, ’cause…” “Girl, I talked to the junkies. They don’t want it. They don’t like you.” [Laughing]
And I’m just– to be fair to women, um, you know, it’s… Look, god has been very cruel to you. Being a woman as a creature, I think it’s just unfair. I wouldn’t want to be a woman. It’s just… I mean, like, your period, like, I look at that and– and see what my woman go through every month. Like, if my nose bled every month, I think I would kill myself. I would be like, “mother–oh, my god, man.” You gotta stick something in your nose with a string hanging out. Gotta take that out, what, every seven seconds or whatever. And five days before your nose bleeds, you know it’s gonna bleed, but you don’t know when, so you just sittin’ there like, “when is my nose “going to start bleeding? Oh, my god!” And then if your nose don’t bleed when it’s supposed to, you’re like, “oh, my god! “My nose is supposed to be bleeding by now!” [Crying] “I’ma go to the hospital if it’s not bleeding soon!”
And y’all get horny and… My woman gets horny on her– oh, my god. And I ain’t down with that. And I see her face, like if I would do it one time, it probably would change her life, like she would be just so grateful, but I just can’t. She’s like, “come on. “You know, come on. Just… Just lay a–come on, lay a towel or something down.” And I was gonna do it one time, but then I googled the whole cycle. There’s all kind of stuff hap–I don’t… I sharpened a mop stick. Every month, I just poke her, I go, “yah! Get back! “Yah! Back! Get in the closet! Get out of here!” Slide her some raw meat under the door. “Eat that for a week! Ha! Get back!”
It’s shocking. Like, I know, look, like I said, I’m 40. I can feel… I can feel my sex drive, right? I still love women, but I don’t feel like– I don’t feel like having sex like that. But I still love looking at ’em, like, “oh.” But here’s what god did for men. He turned my horniness into creepiness. Like, so… I can have a good time sitting at the mall watching chicks tryin’ on sneakers at the Foot Locker, with the creepy face, like… Mmm! I’m good for the day.
But women, you don’t get creepy. You get hornier as you get older. It’s weird, you want to do all your sexin’ between the ages of 30 and 50. That’s when you want it. But here’s how sad things are. The value of vagina’s only good from 18 to 29. Pussy get old like bread, not like wine. It– I don’t want the waiter to bring me a vintage glass of twat. He’d be like, “would you like a “’52 le stinky vagina from the funk-funk region?” You’d be like, “ugh! “You ain’t got a better year than that? “You ain’t got a…” [Laughs] “got a ’89 down there? Give me a ’89. “I don’t care what it is. Water, just ’89.”
I’m not saying you not sexy if you– if you 40 or whatever. I’m not– you’re beautiful, whatever. I’m just saying 20 is just… 20. 20. Who’s 20 down here? How old are you? Older than 20? I hear it in your voice. You sound like you chew cigarettes. She’s just like… As cute as you are, you can hear it. [Gravelly] “I’m older than 20.” ‘Cause women who are not 20– did you see what happened? She raised her hand fast. [High-pitched] “20! Yay!” [Gravelly] “ahem, um…” “Older than 20.” 20 Years–god. I bet you your pussy tastes like hope. [Laughing]

I’m sorry. That was just ridiculous. But that’s the difference. Difference between 40-year-old cooch and 20, it’s the amount of time I wait. That’s it. 20, I wait forever. Just wait in the corner, like, “oh, it’s gonna happen. I am going to wait for this 20-year-oldness.” 40, I– a date. Two dates. Two dates, and then you gotta start rollin’ them old drawers down. From where it is, pulled up to the bra.
I’m not saying you’re not sexy if you’re 40– I’m not. I’m just saying, it’s the time, that’s it. Like, I want it now. If I’m willing to eat some stale cracker jacks, I’ll eat some stale cracker jacks, but I want ’em right now. If I say, “hand me them stale cracker jacks right there,” and you go, “come and get ’em,” I’ll be like, “just throw ’em on the floor. “They old. The box is open “there’s no prize in it. Where the magnifying glass?” “One peanut? Get that–get out of here!” Making me crawl around for old cracker jacks.
And you will laugh at that, ladies, if it’s just not fun for you. Nothing’s fun. Sex isn’t fun. Sex is so much fun for dudes. ‘Cause we got a money shot. You don’t understand what it’s like to see– the–the–feeling. Like, we both have orgasms. Uhh! Uhh! But men have a receipt. Like, we… We see it, and it’s a payoff. You be like, “I am satisfied, ’cause that’s what it is. Look at it.” You don’t think you’d be happier, ladies, if you could just have a– if you could just shoot a couple of eggs in a guy’s face? You just–fff! Fff!– Right on top of his forehead? You want to be happier? Get on–fff! Unh! And he’s just sitting there. Fff! “Unh!” And you go, “aw, that felt good! Go in the bathroom and wash your face.” He’s walking to the bathroom… [Spits] “ohh!” Wiping his eyes. “Why are you so aggressive?” You like, “shut up, faggot, and… Hurry up and make me a grilled cheese sandwich.” [Laughing] Call your friends on the phone, “I just egged on the top of his head.” “Don’t tell your friends our business!” “Shut up! She already knows I egg on the top of your head already.”
